Meijer is offering $100 off "Back to School" coupons.	false
A photograph depicts a real (giant) pizza, part of a challenge in which intrepid diners can win $1,000.	true
Image depicts a 102 lb. shrimp caught near Homosassa, Florida.	false
A 14-year-old girl became pregnant after receiving a flu shot.	false
NASA confirmed there will be 15 straight days of darkness in November 2015.	false
Donald Trump said in 1998 that he would one day run as a Republican because they are the "dumbest group of voters."	false
A McDonald's sign acknowledges the chain's use of "french fry grease" to warm coffee.	false
A female Air Force National Guard member was denied service at a Bloomington, Minnesota, SuperAmerica station because her military uniform offended foreign cab drivers.	false
Three-hundred and eighteen people were shot and killed on Halloween in Chicago, and President Obama subsequently declared a state of emergency in the city.	false
A photograph shows a 41 lb rat that was caught in New York City.	false
The Halloween wcelebrated on 31 October 2015 will be the 666th in history.	false
Teenagers are daring one another to a 72-hour challenge (or "Game of 72"), during which they disappear for several days.	false
A photograph shows an abandoned submarine in a desert.	false
Missouri State University students protested to get Abraham Lincoln removed from all U.S. currency because they believe that the former president was racist.	false
Actor Jack Nicholson said that he was "positively against" abortion.	true
Baseball player Adam LaRoche was attacked by a mountain lion.	false
Actor Adam Sandler was found dead of an apparent suicide at age 49.	false
Michael Jordan will drop the price of all Air Jordan shoes to $19.99 in 2017.	false
An Alabama man named Marvin Halbert was caught having sex with a pig in a Walmart bathroom.	false
Archaeologists dug up an 800-year-old alien cellphone in Austria.	false
Only female senators showed up for work in Congress following Snowstorm Jonas.	mostly true
A black woman named Amelia Bassano has been proved the true (uncredited) author of all of William Shakespeare's plays.	false
A map accurately depicts the Native American tribal areas of the United States prior to European colonization.	false
Kentucky hired an Amish DMV clerk who refused to issue driver's licenses based on her religious beliefs.	false
Ammon Bundy posted a message on Twitter comparing himself to Rosa Parks.	false
A photograph shows Amy Winehouse and Lana Del Rey hanging out together.	false
A photograph shows Captain Balislava, a female Russian federation fighter pilot who bombed ISIS.	false
An accidental spill rendered the normally pristine blue Animas River a terrifying mustard yellow.	true
Ann Coulter referred to President Obama as a "retard," prompting a response from a Special Olympics athlete.	true
The family of Anne Frank sought (and was denied) refugee status in the United States.	true
Anonymous has discovered evidence that numerous politicians have Ku Klux Klan connections.	mostly false
Setting your Apple device's date to 1 January 1970 will reveal a retro-themed Easter egg.	false
Actor (and former California governor) Arnold Schwarzenegger passed away from a heart attack in August 2015.	false
Former "Full House" star Ashley Olsen was murdered.	false
An asteroid will hit earth on Christmas Eve.	false
A photograph depicts Syrian refugees housed in U.S. luxury hotels while American veterans sleep on the street.	mostly false
Anti-seat belt law advocate is killed in automobile accident.	true
NASCAR champion Tony Stewart hit and killed a fellow driver after an accident on the race track.	true
A miraculous car that gets 200 miles to the gallon is sold by mistake then reclaimed by the factory and is never seen again.	false
A group of former General Motors workers furtively produced 1957 Chevrolet automobiles on their own for ten years.	false
A motorcycle enthusiast buys an old machine, then discovers the bike once belonged to Elvis Presley and sells it for millions of dollars.	false
The remains of a smoldering JATO-equipped Chevrolet Impala were found embedded in the side of a cliff in the Arizona desert.	false
Putting sugar in the gas tank will irreparably ruin a vehicle's engine.	false
The use of cellular phones poses a danger of touching off explosions at gas stations	false
An artist secretly painted a 60-foot-high image of a naked woman above a tunnel in Malibu Canyon in 1966.	true
SigAlerts, the Los Angeles advisories of severe traffic conditions, were named after radio executive Loyd Sigmon.	true
Police officers coming to the aid of motorists locked out of their cars are dying in freak airbag accidents.	false
The American interstate highway system was designed to be used for emergency airstrips in case of war.	false
Sucking on a penny or a breath mint will help someone who has been drinking defeat a breathalyzer test.	false
States are installing 'point-to-point' cameras along highways that automatically track and ticket speeders based on the amount of time it takes them to travel between two checkpoints.	false
Pregnant woman tries to beat carpool lane ticket by asserting her fetus counts as a second person.	true
The man who penned the first traffic laws never drove a car himself.	true
New York will be embedding strips in vehicle registration stickers in order to catch speeders.	false
A United States Postal Service mail truck has the right of way over emergency vehicles.	false
U.S. Interstate highways are numbered according to a pattern based on their direction and location.	true
You can avoid paying for traffic tickets or establish a new identity by obtaining an International Driver's License.	false
Mrs. James Brown once tried to beat traffic charges by claiming she was entitled to diplomatic immunity for being married to the "ambassador of soul."	true
A man whose car bore personalized license plates reading 'NO PLATE' received notices for thousands of unpaid parking tickets.	true
Red cars are ticketed for speeding more often than vehicles of other colors.	false
Drug runner evades detection by driving a fast black car at night while wearing night vision goggles.	false
Flashing your car's high beams at a traffic signal will cause it to change from red to green more quickly.	false
Slightly overpaying the fine for a traffic ticket will keep points off your driving record.	false
Placing tinfoil in your car's hubcaps or hanging a CD from your rear-view mirror will fool police radar.	false
A baby strapped in a car seat is left on the roof of a car.	true
Adding acetone to gasoline in an effort to improve gas mileage is a good idea.	false
Storing a car battery on a concrete floor will drain the battery and ruin it.	false
A pair of Arkansas rednecks are injured using a .22 caliber shell in place of a burnt-out automobile fuse.	false
Any car equipped with a remote keyless entry system can be unlocked via cell phone.	false
People shouldn't wear seat belts because they might not be able to escape from their vehicles in car fires.	false
Using cruise control on wet roads or during heavy rain can cause you to lose control of your vehicle.	true
Singer Avril Lavigne died and was replaced by a doppelg nger.	false
A photograph shows a baby great white shark.	false
Michele Bachmann defended Donald Trump's proposal to build a fence along the U.S.-Mexico border, saying that it would work because the Great Wall of China kept illegal Mexican immigrants out of China.	false
A photograph shows a young Hillary Clinton posing with a Confederate flag visible in the background?	false
Muslim refugees are demanding that the city of Munich, Germany, ban Oktoberfest.	false
Photographs show a banana that has been injected with human blood in order to spread HIV.	false
A rotten banana can be resurrected with rice and a hair dryer.	false
A 2012 TED Talk video featuring wealthy entrepreneur Nick Hanauer speaking on the subject of income inequality was banned because it was deemed "too politically controversial."	false
Barefoot Cellars is giving away a limited number of free cases of wine to Facebook users who like and share a post.	false
Actor Barry Williams, who played Greg Brady on 'The Brady Bunch,' was shot and killed by police officers in California.	false
BBC's Carol Kirkwood used a curse word to describe the weather.	false
A sign marks the location of the now-abandoned town of Belakwa, New York, rendered uninhabitable due to hydrofracking.	false
Dr. Ben Carson owns a portrait of himself posing with Jesus.	true
Ben Carson said slavery was the "best thing that could have happened" to blacks.	false
Bernie Sanders wrote an essay in which a woman fantasizes about being "raped by three men simultaneously."	true
Bernie Sanders' parents were Holocaust survivors.	false
A photograph shows Bernie and Jane Sanders at an LGBT march in 1975.	false
Bernie Sanders saved a dog from a burning building in a rescue ignored by the media.	false
Backers of Bernie Sanders have obtained Nazi SS "lightning bolt" tattoos to show support for the Democratic presidential candidate.	false
Bernie Sanders is one of the few 2016 presidential candidates (if not the only one) to pay his campaign interns.	true
The History Channel aired a documentary that showed a Bigfoot creature being captured.	false
Conservative commentator William J. Bennett penned an essay hypothesizing that Donald Trump would be killed before he was elected president.	false
Bill Clinton told Tony Blair that he likes to punch slabs of ham.	false
Comedian Bill Cosby committed suicide shortly after he was charged with sexual assault in December 2015.	false
Bill Murray said that you can always trust a dog but not a human.	false
Comedian Bill Murray is running for president.	false
Jewish hotel mogul James Horton is recruiting one thousand women to bear his children and create "the biggest family in the world."	false
An elderly birdwatcher had a physical altercation with an Oregon militant at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge.	false
A photograph shows Michelle Obama sporting a Black Panther shirt.	false
The University of Connecticut (UConn) is constructing a dormitory solely to house black students.	false
Residents of Clint, Texas, have been forcibly implanted with microchips by Jade Helm operatives.	false
Two Maryland sheriff's deputies were shot and killed at a restaurant by a vagrant.	true
A man known as "the booty tickler" was arrested in Texas.	false
Actor Bryshere Y. Gray was shot dead in October 2015.	false
Bulgaria recently uncovered 10,000 fake passports that were en route to ISIS militants.	mostly false
City officials created a "crossing guard burqa" uniform in order to avoid a discrimination lawsuit.	false
A social media meme accurately details five aspects of Jeb Bush's record on women's issues.	mostly true
Under corporate policy, you can get free food at any Wendy's restaurant by claiming that you're lost and have no money.	false
The infamous number '666' appears in all product barcodes.	false
Coors financially supports Nazi groups.	false
The company that makes air fresheners shaped like crowns is owned by the Ku Klux Klan, or the presence of one of these auto accessories signifies the car's owner is a gang member.	false
Domino's Pizza financially supports Operation Rescue, an anti-abortion group.	false
A pact with the Devil to save a cancer-stricken child resulted in the creation of the Hello Kitty brand.	false
In accordance with a requirement of their original Royal Charter, the Hudson's Bay Company of Canada makes annual payments of elk and beaver pelts to the Queen of England.	false
Cups and burger wrappers used by the In-N-Out Burger chain are printed with references to Bible verses.	true
Marlboro is owned by the KKK.	false
Kool menthol cigarettes are owned by the KKK. Or menthols are part of an insidious plot to do away with African-Americans. Or they contain fiberglass. Or they'll render a man's winky inoperable.	false
The president of Procter & Gamble announced on a popular talk show that he donates a portion of the company's profits to the Church of Satan.	false
Colonel Sanders left instructions requiring KFC to donate money to the Ku Klux Klan or feed the homeless for free.	false
Snapple is affiliated with the Ku Klux Klan (or donates money to the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue).	false
Heinz marketed swastika-shaped pasta in Germany before and during World War II.	false
Timberland is owned by the Ku Klux Klan, a situation lamented in a poem by Maya Angelou.	false
Troop clothing is owned by the KKK, and the name stands for "To Rule Over Oppressed People."	false
A customer closed out his million-dollar account after his bank refused to validate a 50 parking ticket.	true
American Express issues a special black card that allows its holders to buy anything.	true
Someone once wrote a check on the side of a cow, and the bovine check was accepted and cashed by the bank.	false
After a bank failure, the FDIC has 99 years to pay back insured deposits.	false
Crook posing as security guard places 'OUT OF ORDER' sign on bank's night depository and collects depositors' money himself.	true
Chase Bank does not allow cash deposits made by non-account holders.	true
Entering your PIN in reverse at any ATM will summon the police.	false
A bank issued a credit card to a tree.	true
A test message slipped into a live mailing, resulting in prospective customers being greeted with the salutation "Dear Rich Bastard."	true
Continental Airlines CEO Gordon Bethune once personally threw a passenger off an airplane for being rude to a flight attendant.	false
A lawyer received a caustic response after complaining to the Cleveland Browns about fans' throwing paper airplanes during home games.	true
Instead of repairing damaged Cabbage Patch dolls returned to them by hopeful little kids, Coleco cold-heartedly mailed back official-looking "death certificates" for each doll.	false
Woman gains revenge after being charged $250 by Neiman Marcus for a cookie recipe.	false
Domino's Pizza ended its "30 minutes or it's free" guarantee because a speeding delivery driver hit and killed a child.	false
Hershey's has blocked imports of Cadbury chocolate manufactured in the UK and other British chocolates.	mostly true
Australian mine planner's letter expresses frustration at his difficulty in obtaining replacement parts for a Nissan-manufactured bus.	true
A teenager whose mother had died received a government check mailed to "Mrs. Passed Away."	true
Roofers mysteriously return to re-do a job that had been completed four years earlier.	true
A store made good on its offer to sell stereos for "299 bananas" when customers proffered the fruit as payment.	true
Woman wins $1,000 in a Carnation Milk slogan contest by submitting a bawdy bit of verse.	false
A woman sued a radio station when the Hummer she won in their contest turned out to be a toy rather than a full-sized vehicle.	true
A jocular Pepsi "offer" obligated them to provide a $33.8 million Harrier jet to a consumer who claimed it for $700,000.	false
Porsche dealer offers "buy one, get one free" promotion.	false
A clever consumer earned millions of miles of free air travel by taking advantage of a Healthy Choice pudding promotion.	true
Alka-Seltzer dramatically increased its sales by instructing consumers to use two tablets instead of one.	true
Instant cake mixes sold poorly until one food company decided to require the addition of a fresh egg to their product.	false
Wife of dead contractor brings him to work, then asserts company must pay for his time on the job.	false
NASA spent millions of dollars developing an "astronaut pen" that would work in outer space, while the Soviets solved the same problem much more quickly and easily by simply using pencils.	false
Japan renamed a town 'Usa' so that it could legitimately stamp its exports 'Made in USA.'	false
A Huntley and Palmers biscuit tin included risqu images on its lid.	true
A couple of Intel engineers were fired after etching the phrase "Bill sux" onto a new version of the Pentium chip.	false
The H.J. Heinz company adopted the slogan '57 Varieties' because its product line included exactly 57 different items.	false
PETA placed bricks with hidden messages at baseball parks.	true
An early experiment in subliminal advertising at a movie theater substantially increased sales of popcorn and Coke.	false
The label on a 1995 can of Renuzit air freshener included a deliberately planted phallic image.	false
Washing instruction tags on Tom Bihn bags carried a hidden message in French.	true
Soles of Vans shoes are adorned with the Star of David so that wearers will "stomp on Jews."	false
McDonald's buys their meat from a company called '100% Beef,' which allows them to legally but deceptively claim they use 100% beef in their hamburgers.	false
Retailers mistakenly scanned the wrong side of a CD bearing bar code-themed cover art, resulting in lower prices for customers.	true
Fast food chain Burger King is behind a 'subservient chicken' Internet promotion.	true
Clocks and watches pictured in advertisements display a time of 10:10 in commemoration of the time of Abraham Lincoln's death.	false
Harley-Davidson's 'Fat Boy' motorcycle was designed to represent the dropping of atomic bombs on Japan.	false
Reebok once marketed the "Incubus," a shoe named for a demon who violates women in their sleep.	true
Some lego sets in the 1970s were accompanied with letters to parents encouraging gender equality in toy selection.	true
Lucky Strike cigarettes changed from a green package to a white one during the 1940s in order to aid the war effort.	false
M&Ms passed up the chance to be the candy used to lure the shy little alien from his hiding place in the 1982 blockbuster E.T. , thereby letting one of the most successful instances of movie product placement fall into the hands of a competitor who benefited mightily from it.	true
Burma-Shave once promised to send a contest winner to Mars as part of a promotional campaign.	true
Sarajevo and Pyongyang are the only two world capitals without McDonald's restaurants.	false
Naugahyde is made from the skins of the nauga, an odd yet engagingly friendly creature native to Sumatra.	false
Charles Shaw wine was sold cheaply because airlines could no longer use corkscrews after 9/11 and dumped their stocks of wine.	false
1940s ads for Springmaid sheets used sexual double entendres.	true
Some of our grandparents were left both poorer and wiser by a humorous mail-order scam of the 1930s.	true
The title of the arcade game 'Donkey Kong' was the result of a mistranslation.	false
The Chevrolet Nova sold poorly in Spanish-speaking countries because its name translates as "doesn't go" in Spanish.	false
Southern California Sav-On drug store outlets were renamed Osco after an acquisition, then reverted to the original Sav-On name when their parent company discovered "asco" means "disgust" or "loathing" in Spanish.	false
It is illegal in the U.S. to carry $10,000 or more in cash.	false
U.S. buffalo nickels are being recalled because the bison depicted is anatomically correct.	true
A large percentage of U.S. currency bears traces of cocaine.	true
Canadian banknotes once included an image resembling a grinning devil behind Queen Elizabeth's ear.	true
The letters 'JS' can be found on the U.S. dime and represent the initials of Josef Stalin.	false
The new Canadian $10 bill is being recalled because it includes a misprint of the poem "In Flanders Fields."	false
A loon appears on Canada's one-dollar coin because the original dies, featuring a different design, were lost in transit.	true
New Canadian polymer bills melt easily.	false
The search for a prolific counterfeiter of one-dollar bills lasted ten years.	true
An automobile depicted on the back of the old U.S. $10 bill was a Model T Ford driven by Bonnie and Clyde.	false
New U.S. $5 and $10 bills contain printing errors.	true
U.S. law specifies that merchants do not have to accept more than 100 pennies in payment.	false
A U.S. penny costs more than a cent to manufacture.	true
Some new Wisconsin quarters contain a printing error that makes them especially valuable.	true
The Canadian $2 bill (or $5 bill or $10 bill) depicts the U.S. flag flying over Parliament.	false
The plastic strip embedded in U.S. bank notes enable the Feds to tell how much money you have on you.	false
A Taco Bell employee refused a $2 bill from a customer because he thought it wasn't real.	true
New U.S. $10 bills released in 2006 contain a printing error.	false
Wrapping bills in tinfoil keeps them from being detected by scanning devices.	false
You can tell counterfeit $2 coins (toonies) circulating in Canada from real ones by the size of the Queen's portrait.	false
A collector deliberately placed three valuable U.S. coins into circulation in New York in April 2006.	true
The Milky Way and 3 Musketeers candy bars were given the wrong names when their wrappers were inadvertently switched.	false
The athletic shoe Adidas gained its name from an acronym for 'All Day I Dream About Sex.'	false
The brand name 'Aspirin' was taken from the terms 'acetylsalicylic acid' and 'spiraea ulmaria.'	true
The Baby Ruth candy bar was named after Ruth Cleveland (daughter of President Grover Cleveland), not Babe Ruth.	false
Chef Boyardee was a fictional creation whose name was taken from the given names of the company's three founders: Boyd, Art, and Dennis.	false
Men's underwear is referred to as 'BVDs' because the term is an abbreviation of the phrase 'Boy's Ventilated Drawers.'	false
German chocolate cake comes from Germany.	false
The Canada Dry beverage company got its name because it produced alcohol-free beverages during Prohibition.	false
The word 'chad' comes from the "Chadless keypunch," so named after its inventor, a Mr. Chadless. '	false
The flush toilet was invented by Thomas Crapper.	false
Companies choose domain names with unintendedly risqu double meanings.	true
The discount chain E.J. Korvette took its name from a shortening of 'eight Jewish Korean War veterans' in honor of its founding partners.	false
Bottled water giant Evian named its product as a sly dig at consumers.	false
The popular urban sportswear clothier FUBU took its name from the phrase 'For Us By Us.'	true
The clothing store chain The Gap took its name from an acronym for 'Gay and Proud.'	false
Baby products company Graco took its name from an acronym for "God Rewards All Christian Organizations."	false
The discount chain E.J. Korvette took its name from a shortening of 'eight Jewish Korean War veterans' in honor of its founding partners.	false
Life Savers candy was so named because its inventor's daughter died from choking on a non-holed mint.	false
Maybelline, the first commercial mascara, was named for a real person.	true
Nylon was named for a conflation of 'New York' and 'London.'	false
UK power company chooses an unfortunate domain name for the web site of their Italian division.'	false
Mount Rainier in Washington State was so designated due to the influence of Rainier Brewery.	false
The Japanese corporation known as Sony based its name on an acronym formed from 'Standard Oil of New York.'	false
Coca-Cola's original diet cola drink, TaB, took its name from an acronym for "totally artificial beverage."	false
The lubricating spray WD-40 is so named because it was the product of the 40th attempt at creating a water displacing substance.'	true
The name of the San Diego Wild Animal Park's monorail was taken from a crude acronym.	true
Baseball's championship competition is known as the "World Series" because it was originally sponsored by the New York World newspaper.	false
The rounded raised lane markers installed on California roads, Botts' Dots, were named for their inventor.	true
The brassiere was invented by Otto Titzling.	true
Cabbage Patch dolls were designed to get people accustomed to the appearance of mutants following a thermonuclear war or were modeled upon mentally defective children.	false
Champagne glasses were modeled on Marie Antoinette's breasts.	false
Ivory Soap's unique floatability came about as the result of a manufacturing error.	false
Kotex were first manufactured as bandages during World War I.	true
McDonald's did away with their spoon-shaped coffee stirrers because people were using them as cocaine spoons.	true
Play-Doh brand modeling compound started out as a wallpaper cleaner.	true
Post-it Notes were invented from a glue no one could find a use for.	true
The shopping cart was not a resounding success when first introduced.	true
Presenting a rare 1943 copper cent to Ford entitled the bearer to a brand-new automobile.	false
Plastic bottle caps can be redeemed to provide chemotherapy treatments to cancer sufferers or prosthetic limbs for wounded soldiers.	false
Cigarette packs were once redeemable to help the blind defray the cost of purchasing seeing-eye dogs.	false
You can get a new pair of shoes from Nike by just mailing them any old, worn-out pair of sneakers.	false
Pull tabs from aluminum cans have special redemption value for time on dialysis machines.	false
Subway is ending its long-running Sub Club promotion due to the prevalence of counterfeit stamps.	true
A Tootsie Pop wrapper with a picture of an Indian shooting an arrow at a star on it can be redeemed with Tootsie Roll Industries for a free bag of candy.	false
The jilted wife of the owner of Home Depot created the Lowe's chain of home improvement stores.	false
"No tears" baby shampoos work because they include anesthetics such as novocaine.	false
People get "hooked" on Carmex Lip Balm because it contains ground glass (or other irritants), necessitating its continued use.	false
The popular Dr Pepper soft drink is made from prune juice	false
J germeister contains deer or elk blood.	false
Lucky Strike brand cigarettes are so named because some packs contained marijuana cigarettes.	false
Bat guano is used in the manufacture of mascara.	false
The U.S. Postal Service is going to impose a 5 surcharge on every e-mail message sent via the Internet.	false
The U.S. government assigns Social Security numbers on the basis of race, a practice that permits employers to screen applicants and weed out those of color.	false
African-Americans are entitled to a $5,000 slavery reparation tax credit.	false
Several million fewer dependents were claimed on federal income tax returns the year the IRS started requiring taxpayers to list the Social Security numbers of their children.	true
Special one-time federal excise tax credit in 2006 rebates tax overpayment on phone bills.	true
The U.S. government grants tax holidays to certain favored groups of immigrants and provides them with free housing, new cars, and clothing allowances.	false
A man angered by the IRS's refusal to allow deductions for all three of his children threatened to turn the raising of two of them over to the government.	true
You can slip out of the IRS' audit stream by not using the preprinted labels supplied with your income tax forms.	false
Payment of U.S. federal income taxes is voluntary.	false
The number on a sample Social Security card distributed in wallets sold through Woolworth stores was used by thousands of people.	true
Bovine Unite is a viral marketing campaign for a chain of chicken restaurants.	false
Fast food chain Burger King is behind a 'subservient chicken' Internet promotion.	true
Tens of thousands of Muslim refugees are being quietly transported through Oklahoma (among other states) on charter buses.	false
The parents of brain-dead teen Caitlin Teagart plan to euthanize her because she is only capable of texting and rolling her eyes.	false
Cam Newton has been fined a total of $253, 552 for giving away footballs to fans.	false
For the first time in history the North Atlantic is empty of cargo ships in-transit.	false
Carly Fiorina said that if it weren't for Christopher Columbus, we'd all be "speaking Indian and working in casinos" today?	false
Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina said that half of reported rapes were women regretting something they did while high or drunk.	false
Infamous mother Casey Anthony has died at age 29.	false
A woman named Cassidy Boon is suing the man who saved her from drowning, claiming that he raped her.	false
The CDC quietly removed pages from their web site that admitted a link between Simian Virus 40 (SV40), the polio vaccine, and cancer.	false
The CDC issued a warning to all Americans urging them not to get the flu shot this year.	false
Dolphins are scooped into nets and canned by cranberry farmers during harvest season.	false
A photograph of Franklin, the one black character on 'Peanuts,' sitting alone on Thanksgiving documents that the creator of 'Peanuts' was racist.	false
Chattanooga shooter Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez was a refugee.	false
Chelsea Clinton said that she erased her mother Hillary Clinton's emails due to postpartum depression.	false
A photograph shows a chemtrail switch on a plane.	false
Chevy Chase died of a heart attack on 4 January 2016.	false
Chick-fil-A is offering an all-you-can-eat nuggets promotion.	mostly false
Chick-fil-A restaurants have announced they will be reversing their longstanding policy and start opening on Sundays.	false
Delaware has issued a new "child support card" that cannot be used to purchase items such as alcohol or cigarettes.	false
Photograph depicts child victims of the 13 November 2015 terror attacks in Paris.	false
Photographs show how people in China are riding escalators differently after a tragic escalator accident killed a mother.	false
The popular casual dining chain Chipotle will be closing all their locations soon.	false
Chipotle create a "never forget" ad reminiscent of the 9/11 attacks featuring burritos in the place of the Twin Towers?	false
Chris Christie said that teachers should make only minimum wage plus bonuses.	false
Thousands of Christian couples have filed for divorce to protest the Supreme Court's ruling on marriage equality.	false
Ted Cruz said that he was a Christian first and an American second.	true
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said that Viagra-like pills for women would increase the incidence of lesbianism.	false
The Obama administration has issued a ban on sending Christmas cards to U.S. military members serving overseas.	false
USAF General Chuck Yeager wrote an essay endorsing Donald Trump for President.	false
Image shows a photograph of Umpqua shooter Chris Harper-Mercer altered by CNN to make him appear white.	false
Diet Coke (or Diet Pepsi) contains more calories than claimed, but the company gets away with the deception by paying a yearly fine.	false
The acids in Coca-Cola make it harmful to drink.	false
Combining Coca-Cola and aspirin will get you high (or kill you).	false
Coca-Cola came to be bottled when a stranger sold a remarkable two-word idea to the company: "Bottle it."	false
Coca-Cola became a carbonated drink when a soda jerk accidentally mixed Coca-Cola syrup with soda water.	false
A university student who drank too many Cokes died from carbon dioxide poisoning.	false
Substituting Diet Coke for regular Coca-Cola in a popular ham recipe can cause an explosion.	false
Fanta was invented by the Nazis.	false
Only two Coca-Cola executives know Coke's formula, and each of them knows only half of it.	false
Coca-Cola was originally green.	false
The Mormons own the Coca-Cola Company.	false
Coca-Cola spiked with MSG is an aphrodisiac or soporific.	false
Coca-Cola halted production of its flagship beverage in 1985 and introduced New Coke in its place as a marketing ploy to combat declining market share and rekindle interest in the original drink.	false
Pouring Coca-Cola onto a piece of raw pork will cause worms to come crawling out of the meat.	false
Coca-Cola recalled an advertising poster due to a risqu image hidden within it.	true
The modern image of Santa Claus was created by the Coca-Cola Company.	false
When tipped on its side, Coca-Cola's distinctive script logo shows a figure snorting a line of cocaine, and this image was deliberately placed there by the artist as a sly reference to the product's containing cocaine.	false
Coca-Cola is an effective contraceptive.	false
A tooth left in a glass of Coca-Cola will dissolve overnight.	false
High school and/or college students who present ID can eat for free at ten popular fast food chains, including McDonald's, Pizza Hut, Chipotle, and Subway.	false
An enterprising college student solicited one-cent donations to finance his education.	true
Dwight D. Eisenhower became president of Columbia University because the school's trustees confused him with his younger brother, Milton.	false
Furman University changed the name of its mascot to avoid an embarrassing acronym.	false
Harvard is offering tuition-free education to African-American students majoring in the sciences.	false
A university serves ice cream at every meal because a benefactor who donated a large sum of money stipulated that a portion of the funds be used for that purpose.	false
College fills open faculty position through cynical job posting.	true
Henry Kissinger was the last student to graduate from Harvard with perfect grades.	false
College cafeteria food is laced with laxatives.	false
A standard college regulation specifies that a student whose roommate commits suicide automatically receive a 4.0 grade point average for the current school term.	false
University implements mandatory swim tests at the behest of a wealthy benefactor whose own child had drowned.	false
The photograph used for a University of Wisconsin application booklet was altered to include the face of a black student.	true
All colleges have regulations specifying how long students must wait if an instructor fails to appear, and these wait times vary depending upon the academic rank of the instructor.	false
Students at a religious institute enrolled in a class on the life of Jesus arrive at their classroom to take the final exam and find a notice informing them that the test will be given in another building on the other side of the campus. As the students rush across campus to the new room, each is accosted by a forlorn beggar who entreats their help. None of the students stops for him, however they all rush by, anxious to arrive on time for the exam. The instructor is waiting for the students when they finally reach the classroom. He explains to them that the beggar was an actor, planted by him to test their reactions. Because the students did not demonstrate that they had acquired any compassion while studying the life of Jesus, they all failed the exam.	true
Students who take the SAT are awarded 200 points for spelling their names correctly.	false
Rubbing lip balm on a Scantron test sheet will produce a perfect score.	false
Alexander Hall at Princeton University was built according to plans submitted by a failed architecture student who later paid for its construction.	false
Sororities are outlawed on certain campuses because local "brothel laws" prohibit more than a specified number of females from living together.	false
A famed college library is sinking into the ground because its architect failed to take the weight of the books into account.	false
A diligent student found a hidden reward tucked away in an academic work.	true
Student mistakes examples of unsolved math problems for homework assignment and solves them.	true
A medical school student prepares to work on a cadaver during a gross anatomy laboratory, only to discover that the one assigned to him for dissection is a relative of his.	true
A university medical school will pay you up to $50,000 for the donation of a testicle.	false
A review of Facebook Active Sessions will reveal unauthorized users currently accessing one's Facebook account.	mostly false
Facebook is removing photographs of military amputees from their network, deeming them "offensive."	false
Justin Bieber has been stabbed by a crazed fan.	false
The Facebook applications "My Birthday Calendar" and "Holiday Card List" harbor malicious information-stealing programs.	false
You can win a new Audi, Mercedes, Range Rover, Camaro, or other car by liking a Facebook page or post and sharing it with friends.	false
Celine Dion has been killed in a crash.	false
Facebook will be closing down for good on 15 May 2013.	false
Actor Dwayne Johnson died filming a stunt for Fast & Furious 7.	false
Eminem is giving away $1 million, a house, and a new car to lucky Facebook fans.	false
Rapper Eminem was nearly killed by a fan in New York who stabbed him four times.	false
As of 30 March 2014, Facebook will require that all account holders provide a photocopy of their personal ID.	false
Facebook soon plans to charge monthly subscription fees to users to keep their profiles private.	false
Facebook has announced it will be turning over user data to the FBI, CIA, and NSA.	false
Facebook will be closed for maintenance on Feb. 29, 30, and 31.	false
Participating in the Facebook "giraffe challenge" will infect your computer and give hackers access to your account.	false
Facebook's "Graph App" makes your private Facebook content visible to strangers.	false
The Facebook group "Becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life" was created by pedophiles to gain access to kids' photos.	false
Wrestler Hulk Hogan has died from being shot in the head.	false
Facebook is deleting likes generated by now-inactive accounts.	mostly true
Hackers seize control of Facebook accounts to post insulting messages on the walls of friends of those whose accounts they've taken over.	false
Lil Wayne has died after a seizure.	false
Links posted on Facebook point to a video of the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370.	false
Boxer Floyd Mayweather is giving away $2.6 million to one lucky fan on Facebook.	false
Links posted on Facebook point to a leaked video of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 being shot down by a missile.	false
Singer Miley Cyrus has died.	false
Messages containing the words "Visit the New Facebook" include links that give a hacker access to your Facebook account.	false
Facebook has instituted a campaign banning marijuana-related posts and threatened to terminate the accounts of repeat offenders.	false
As of 20 March 2014, Facebook will be banning all posts expressing religious beliefs.	false
Facebook has instituted a 'no swearing' campaign and threatened to lock the accounts of users who employ profanity.	false
Oprah Winfrey has committed suicide.	false
Facebook "padlock" security feature is really a ruse by hackers to gain access to your account.	false
12-year-old CJ Pearson was suspended from Facebook because he criticized President Obama.	false
Posting a legal notice on your Facebook wall will protect your copyright and privacy rights.	false
Facebook has "deleted all privacy settings" and is "getting rid of its privacy policy."	false
Your Facebook private inbox messages are now visible for all to see.	false
The Ramnit worm has been stealing Facebook credentials.	true
Video shows 'goodbye' message recorded by Robin Williams just prior to his suicide.	false
Links posted on Facebook point to a leaked video of a roller coaster accident.	false
Hackers are inserting "sexual videos" into the walls and profiles of your Facebook friends.	false
Actor Vin Diesel has died.	false
Facebook is about to close your account, citing violation of its policies.	false
Will Smith has died during surgery following an accident.	false
According to the revised terms of service for AOL's Instant Messaging service, they "have the right to use anything in your IM messages in any way without compensation to you."	false
The Talking Angela app unsafely prompts children to provide personal information about themselves.	false
Entering "Automation Labs" into Facebook's "Block List" option will display a list of twenty people who have access to your Facebook account.	false
Changing your Facebook profile picture to one of a cartoon character will enable pedophiles to more easily make friends with children online.	false
Consumers who visit the "Cash for Clunkers" web site must agree that their computers become U.S. government property.	false
A girl killed herself after her father posted something awful on her Facebook wall.	false
Account claims Dell is selling computers with keyboard loggers installed at the behest of the Department of Homeland Security.	false
Exhortation to refuse an invitation from a named stranger to converse online warns of an attempt to implant a computer virus.	false
The FDA is donating $1 to homeless shelters for every person who changes their Facebook profile picture to their favorite food.	false
Yahoo has announced it will be shutting down all GeoCities web sites.	true
Entering a phone number into the Google search engine can produce a home address and a map with directions to that address.	true
Listing yourself as your friend on Facebook creates an open door for hackers.	false
Accepting a friend request from a stranger will provide hackers with access to your computer and online accounts.	false
Japanese software replaces Microsoft error messages with haiku poetry.	false
Article explains the difference between http and https protocols.	true
Microsoft is marketing the iLoo, an Internet-capable portable toilet.	false
A recent change now allows all of your private Facebook information to be automatically indexed by search engines.	false
Instagram is overloaded and is about to cancel the accounts of users who don't follow the instructions in a posted message.	false
A person named Thierry Mairot is attempting to engage children in sexual conversations via Facebook.	false
MSN's MapPoint service displayed an unusually long route between two Norwegian cities.	true
Your online service is overloaded and is about to cancel the accounts of users who don't forward or repost a particular message: Hotmail Yahoo! MSN Friendster MySpace AOL's AIM Facebook Tagged YouTube Gmail BlackBerry Messenger WhatsApp Viber Instagram	false
Invitations sent from the RockMelt browser harbor viruses.	false
The emoticon was invented in 1982 by a professor at Carnegie Mellon University.	false
Your personal information may be viewable through the Spokeo web site.	true
An "Unnamed App" in Facebook's profile settings harbors a spybot.	false
Signing up with a "National Do Not E-Mail Registry" will stop you from receiving unwanted e-mail.	false
Web sites such as "Word of Mouth" and "Share Your Experiences" are good ways of finding out what other people are saying about you.	false
Yahoo! servers will be down between 15 March and 17 March 2003.	false
Your personal information can be obtained through the Zabasearch.com web site.	true
C++ designer Bjarne Stroustrup admitted in an interview that he developed the language solely to create high-paying jobs for programmers.	false
Opening a greeting card from FriendGreetings.com can trigger a software download that will automatically send an e-card to everyone in your address book.	true
Messages containing the words "Visit the New Facebook" include links that give a hacker access to your Facebook account.	false
Including a fake e-mail address in your address book will prevent your PC from spreading computer viruses.	false
A message with a subject line of "Shakira's Pictures" may include a virus.	true
The Windows file SULFNBK.EXE should be deleted because it masks a dormant virus.	false
17-year-old Emily Stone died doing the "condom challenge."	false
The 2012 Barack Obama presidential campaign distributed a button featuring a Confederate flag.	false
House Republicans will take 255 days off during 2016.	false
Costco removed a dinosaur cake design from their online ordering options because a customer complained that it bore a hidden "demonic" symbol?	false
The couple depicted here were arrested for a scam in which they sold real estate on the moon.	false
Photographs depict a couple posing with a dolphin that died because the woman urinated in its blowhole.	mostly false
The markings on a cow's face resemble two people in profile.	false
Drinking bleach can help a drug user beat drug testing.	false
A phony carpark attendant collected parking fees outside the Bristol Zoo for over twenty years.	false
A cigar aficionado insured his stogies against fire, then tried to collect from his insurance company after he smoked them.	false
After successfully robbing a bank, very polite Japanese thieves penned a thank-you note to that financial institution.	true
The DEA has been erecting billboards announcing an upcoming crackdown on the drug supply.	false
A police officer arrested a DUI suspect in the trooper's own garage.	true
A sheriff attributed a suspect's being shot 68 times to "that's all the bullets we had."	true
The Israelis have developed an airport scanner alternative: a booth that detonates any explosive device a passenger is carrying.	false
Three streakers had their car stolen while they were running nude through a restaurant.	true
Criminals have unintentionally turned themselves in by calling 911.	true
A pair of scammers attempted to pass checks written in disappearing ink.	true
Thief who tries to rob a gun shop is shot dead by those in the store.	true
Gang members in Oklahoma City looking to rob or kill random victims throw rocks or bricks at cars in hope of getting motorists to stop.	false
Gang initiates in New Jersey are slashing victims' faces to "get a buck fifty."	false
Gang initiates are bumping their cars into others, then shooting whoever gets out of the bumped automobiles.	false
Gangs are using bloody car seats to lure female motorists out of their vehicles as part of a "National Gang Week" activity.	false
Gang initiates are attempting to force cars off roads in order to murder the occupants.	false
The Dalton (Georgia) police have warned local stores to be on the alert for gang initiation abductions.	false
Gang initiates ask women for directions, then shoot them.	false
Gang initiates in the Dallas area are knocking on the doors of residences and shooting whoever answers.	false
Detroit-area gang initiates are planning to shoot a woman in the head at a gas station in Genesee County.	false
Gang initiates are planning to kill thirty or more women around Halloween.	false
Prospective new gang members are being initiated by killing the drivers of cars who flash their headlights at them.	false
Gang initiates in Macon, Georgia, must shoot a white female at the Macon Mall.	false
The MS-13 gang is planning to murder an innocent victim at the Broadway Mall in Hicksville, NY.	false
Gang initiates must assault or kill a woman, a small child, or an elderly person at a Wal-Mart.	false
Gang initiates in Montgomery, Alabama, accost victims in the parking lots of small stores, then make off with their victims' vehicles and personal belongings.	false
Gang initiates flash their headlights to get cars to pull over in order to murder their occupants.	false
Gang initiates must assault or kill a woman, a small child, or an elderly person at a Wal-Mart.	false
Burglars check newspaper obituaries so they can clean out homes while the residents are away attending funerals.	true
Tires or bumpers of cars parked outside gun stores are marked by gangs to later identify them as potential gun theft opportunities.	false
Purses are stolen from shopping carts when their owners are distracted.	true
Thieves are stealing computer lists of "out of office" auto-replies to target homes for burglary.	false
Thieves follow buyers from electronics stores and steal merchandise from their cars.	true
Woman attributes shooting a mugger six times to the gun's not holding more than six bullets.	false
A gun-toting Australian granny blew the testicles off the two men who raped her granddaughter.	false
Letter from a putative victim apologizes to a mugger for foiling his robbery attempt.	false
Mistaken belief that radios in Ford automobiles contain chips that pick up satellite TV spurs car vandals.	true
If you think your house is being burglarized, you should use your car alarm to summon help.	true
Home invasion criminals have gained entry to houses by pretending to be distressed persons in need of shelter from attackers.	true
List of safety tips offers effective counters to being victimized in random violent crimes.	true
Heeding the advice given in a popular e-mail missive will keep you from becoming a rape victim.	false
Massachusetts offers a "Silent 911 Call" procedure for those who cannot speak openly to emergency dispatchers.	true
A 911 call was initiated by a tomato.	true
More women are victims of domestic violence on Super Bowl Sunday than on any other day of the year.	false
E-mail describes an "acid bomb" left to explode on a residential porch.	true
Jesse Shedd is wanted by the police for beating an autistic woman named Ashley Hamilton.	true
Door-to-door booksellers with Slavic accents are targeting young girls for sex trafficking.	true
Smugglers are hiding drugs in Canadian vehicles parked at U.S. shopping malls, then following them across the border.	false
Plastic soda bottles left in unsuspecting residents' yards may be bottle bombs.	true
Some residence locks are vulnerable to unauthorized entry through the use of "bump keys."	true
Criminals in the U.S. are using burundanga-soaked business cards to incapacitate their victims.	false
Car thieves at the Deerbrook Mall place baskets under cars to lure drivers out of their vehicles.	false
Parking lot carjackers are placing flyers or $100 bills on the windows of automobiles, then taking the cars when drivers step out of their vehicles to remove them.	false
Police have discovered guns disguised as cell phones.	true
Rapists are using little children who appear to be lost to lure victims to them.	false
Gasoline purchasers who fail to press the "Clear" button on gas pumps after refueling risk additional charges appearing on their credit/debit cards.	false
Gasoline purchasers who fail to press the "Clear" button on gas pumps after refueling risk additional charges appearing on their credit/debit cards.	false
A serial killer is luring women from their homes by playing a recording of a crying baby.	false
Criminals are marking homes with colored stickers or other symbols in order to steal dogs for use in dogfighting events.	false
A man in Chattanooga pretending to be drunk fools women drivers into thinking they've hit him as a method of luring them from their vehicles.	false
Robbers are flinging eggs at cars to impair drivers' vision and force them to stop.	false
Predators, pedophiles, and child trafficking rings are using Facebook to source new victims by friending trusting parents and mining images posted of their children.	mostly false
A woman was robbed at a Wal-Mart in Garland, Texas, by a thief who injected her with an unknown substance.	false
Thieves steal women's purses from restroom stalls, then burgle the empty houses when the victims go to retrieve their "found" handbags.	true
Thieves drill hole under vehicle's door handle, break in, steal only one item, then use auto's GPS to locate car owner's home for future burglary.	true
A woman approached by a stranger at a gas station was injected with a knockout drug via a handshake.	false
Hotel room keycards are routinely encoded with personal information which can be easily harvested by thieves.	false
Operatives of ISIS are going door to door in Australia, speaking with residents and then marking the homes of Christians.	false
Bulletin warns that a new drug called Jenkem, made by fermenting raw sewage, is a "popular drug in American schools."	false
Criminals at gas stations are handing out key rings with transmitters that enable them to track potential burglary or carjacking victims.	false
Kryptonite brand locks can be picked with ordinary Bic pens.	true
Maryland gangs are engaging in a deadly initiation game that requires new members to steal cars and shoot motorists on highways.	false
ISIS operatives are visiting Michigan homes to ask if the residents if they have family in the military and killing those who answer affirmatively.	false
Gang initiates in Montgomery, Alabama, are sneaking into cars at service stations and raping white female motorists.	false
Mothers who post their children's names, birth dates, and birth weights on Facebook for Mother's Day are exposing their children to scammers and criminals.	false
Criminals in Omaha are distracting drivers with decoys and notes left on windshields in order to gain entry to automobiles.	false
Robbers in shopping mall parking lots are using ether-filled perfume bottles to render their victims unconscious.	false
Thieves at shopping malls are placing sharpened spikes up against the tires of shoppers' vehicles with an eye to disabling these vehicles and robbing shoppers who are attempting to drive home.	false
Gangs are planning a multi-city murder spree in imitation of the film Purge 2.	false
A serial killer/rapist is luring women with $5 bills they've 'dropped.'	false
Thieves who work shopping malls are robbing women in washrooms and leaving them naked.	false
An abduction attempt was foiled at a Wal-Mart in Saginaw, Texas.	false
"Sliders" steal women's purses while their owners are busy pumping gas.	true
Photos taken with your smartphone can provide others with the locations of the people pictured and allow hackers to clone your phone.	true
Michigan state police have issued a warning about an online predator named Jason Stallings.	false
Assailant disables woman's car by putting sugar water in her gas tank, causing the vehicle to die in an isolated location.	false
Rapist prowling a Target store parking lot uses an elderly woman in distress to lure his victims.	true
E-mail describes a case of three women being slipped Rohypnol by a St. Louis bartender and then raped.	false
E-mail describes an attempted rape in Vacaville, California.	false
Woman narrowly escapes abduction attempt in the parking lot of a Cedar Falls Wal-Mart.	false
Criminals are modifying Super Soaker water guns to conceal shotguns or other large firearms.	mostly false
An attempted abduction took place at the Westfield Mall in Toledo.	false
An abductor prowling a Target parking lot in Wheaton, Illinois, uses an old lady in distress to lure female victims.	false
List of safety tips offers effective counters to being victimized in random violent crimes.	true
Teens can text 741741 from anywhere to talk with a crisis counselor.	true
Two men are still making payments on a Jeep Cherokee they sent to the bottom of a frozen lake during a duck-hunting mishap.	false
In the process of attempting to get rid of a gopher, a trio of school custodians blew up their shack. Though all three janitors were carried out on stretchers, the gopher returned to the wild unscathed.	true
This Halloween has been designated as "National Kill a Pitbull Day."	false
An angry mother delivered a scathing response to school officials after her daughter was punished for punching a classmate who snapped her bra.	false
The Humane Society will donate $1 towards the care of an abused puppy every time his photo is shared.	false
Wedding guests should refrain from throwing rice at newly-wedded couples because the rice kills birds who eat it.	false
A web site provides information and equipment for making 'bonsai kittens.'	false
Pieces of cheese with nails in them and other booby-trapped treats have been found at dog parks.	true
Signing an e-petition will convince the Air Force to retire its colony of space chimps instead of turning them over to a research facility.	false
Ordinary use of Ultra Clorox bleach poses a general danger to household pets.	false
A Diamond Pet Brands recall of pet foods is underway due to potential Salmonella contamination.	true
A virus deadly to dogs has been spreading in the canine population of the U.S.	true
A sanctuary for dogs is maintained on a "dog island" off the coast of Florida.	false
Ordinary use of Febreze brand fabric refresher poses a general danger to household pets.	false
The web site Genpets.com sells mass-produced, bioengineered pets.	false
A litter of Golden Retriever puppies is about to be euthanized unless homes are quickly found for them.	false
Dogs not adopted after the closure of the Dairyland Greyhound Park will be euthanized.	false
A Texas business provides big game hunters with an opportunity to participate in "horse hunt adventures."	false
Huntingdon Life Sciences is offering to pay cash for cats and dogs rescued from New Orleans.	false
Giving your dog ice or ice water on a hot day is likely to cause it to die from bloating and spasms.	false
Pedigree is recalling Jumbone brand dog treats due to a risk to canines.	false
Living turtles and fish are packaged in plastic bags and sold as souvenir keyrings in China.	true
A McDonald's advertisement described petting pit bulls as a "risky" behavior.	true
A number of Menu pet food products have been recalled due to a possible association with kidney failure-related illnesses and deaths of cats and dogs.	true
6,500 minks set free by animal rights activists rampaged through the British countryside.	true
Several rescued horses in the Niagara Falls area are in need of adoption.	true
Pending California legislation mandates the extermination of pit bulls.	false
Photograph shows a cat burned by the spillage of a cinnamon reed diffuser.	true
Sago palm can be poisonous to pets.	true
Fellow threatens to eat his pet rabbit unless $50,000 is donated through his web site.	false
An animal shelter will soon be closing or moving and will euthanize all the animals currently in their care that have not been adopted.	false
Household paper shredders can pose a danger to children and pets.	true
Dogs die after eating children's stuffed toys that contain flame-retardant materials.	true
The Swiffer WetJet poses a general danger to dogs and other household pets.	false
Ugg boots are made from sheepskin.	true
Image shows newspaper account of a kitten who nearly died from being fed a vegan diet.	true
Xylitol, a sugar substitute used in sugar-free gum and other products, can be harmful to dogs.	true
During the December 2004 tsunami, elephants in Phuket, Thailand, who had broken free from their handlers returned to the beach as soon as the waves had subsided to rescue 42 people.	false
Woman pens hilarious account of family's efforts to rescue trapped cat from garbage disposal.	true
A serious prospectus inviting investors to become part of a cat-and-rat farm was once circulated, the basic premise of which involved skinning cats for their fur, feeding the cat carcasses to rats, then feeding the rats to the cats being raised for their fur.	false
In 1970, the Oregon Department of Transportation attempted to dispose of a whale carcass by blowing it up.	true
A Korean company solicited American dog shelters for excess dogs to turn into soup.	false
Legislation passed by the U.S. government allows horses to be slaughtered for food in that country.	true
The rescued crew of a Japanese fishing trawler were held in custody when Russian officials refused to believe their claim that their boat was sunk by a falling cow.	false
You can buy a penguin online from penguinwarehouse.com.	false
Attorney General John Ashcroft believes calico cats are a sign of the devil.	false
The Hollywood Freeway in Los Angeles, California, was the permanent home to a brood of chickens.	true
Alligators given as gifts escape.	true
A village in India learned the hard way not to interfere with the course of pachyderm True Love.	true
Pet owners face yet another hazard: radioactive kitty litter.	false
An amorous moose once wooed a lawn ornament.	true
The Swedish navy once mistook minks for enemy submarines.	true
Snakes were smuggled inside a woman's bra.	true
Snakes have been used as hold-up weapons.	true
Frozen squirrels have been used for criminal purposes.	true
Animals are fleeing Yellowstone Park, an indicator that a supervolcano eruption is imminent.	false
Kissing bugs in the U.S. have been found to carry a disease-causing parasite.	true
"Love bugs" are the result of a genetic experiment gone wrong at the University of Florida.	false
Thousands of Japanese pet owners were victimized by swindlers who sold them sheep and told them the animals were poodles.	false
Man is killed by an elephant he mistakes for one he aided years earlier.	false
A zookeeper in Paderborn, Germany, was killed when an elephant defecated on him.	false
A seeing eye dog named Lucky caused the deaths of four of his owners.	false
A megalodon capsized a South African charter vessel in April 2013.	false
The Michigan Department of Natural Resources has issued a warning about polar bears romaing that state from Canada.	false
The media is aware that the bull shark that mauled 8-year-old Jessie Arbogast was one his uncle had been fishing for and fighting on a line for two hours, but they are suppressing that information.	false
Cats have been gravely injured or killed after seeking warmth by hiding in wheel wells or under cars.	true
Caught lobsters freed by Buddhists were quickly recaptured by fishermen.	false
A dog was killed when it bit into a tennis ball booby-trapped with explosives.	true
Venomous snakes lurk in the ball pits of fast food restaurants.	false
A pet python acting 'affectionate' is really just measuring its intended victim.	false
A bride was fatally bitten by a marauding snake while posing for photos in a popular Canadian garden spot.	false
Chihuahuas cure asthma.	false
Handling an egg or a baby bird will cause its mother to reject it.	false
Indonesian villagers captured a 49-foot, 983-pound python.	false
Cats suck the breath from babies, sometimes killing them.	false
One year of human time is the equivalent of seven years in a dog's age.	false
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.	false
Eagles extend their lifespans by removing their beaks, talons, and feathers in order to grow new ones.	false
Elephants are afraid of mice.	false
Lobsters mate for life.	false
The daddy longlegs is the "world's most poisonous animal."	false
Female praying mantises always eat the heads of their mates.	false
Killing praying mantises is illegal in (parts of) the USA.	false
The striped mittenfish can change its sex by turning its entire body inside out.	false
Opossums can hang by their tails.	false
Penguins fall over onto their backs while trying to observe airplanes flying overhead.	false
Porcupines can launch their quills at attackers.	false
Major cities harbor rodent populations equivalent to one rat per person.	false
Domesticated turkeys are so lacking in intelligence that they will look up at falling rain until they drown.	false
Crown tattoos secretly signal that a woman is or once was sold into sexual slavery.	mostly false
Ted Cruz threatened on Twitter to deport Beyonc due to her performance at Super Bowl 50.	false
Ted Cruz said that there was 'no place for gays in my America.'	false
Ted Cruz said that he was skeptical about the timing of Justice Scalia's death.	false
Dairy Queen ice cream is "dairy free" or "non-dairy."	false
The animated show Darkwing Duck will return to television in 2018.	false
An image shows musicians David Bowie and Lemmy Kilmister together at a party.	false
A photograph documents a pro-ISIS rally held in Dearborn, Michigan, on 5 December 2015.	false
Deer hunting season has been canceled (in North Carolina, Mississippi, Georgia, or Arkansas) this year.	false
Delta Air Lines is giving away free first-class air travel tickets and $5,000 in spending money to those who follow online links.	false
In the film Aladdin , the hero whispers, "Good teenagers, take off your clothes."	false
Beauty and the Beast's Belle can be glimpsed in a scene from The Hunchback of Notre Dame.	true
In the "dueling pianos" scene of Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Donald Duck calls Daffy Duck a 'nigger.'	false
The personalities of the dwarf characters in Disney's animated film version of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs represent the seven stages of cocaine addiction.	false
Disney will replace damaged or broken DVDs for a small fee.	true
Donald Duck was once banned in Finland because the character doesn't wear pants.	false
Disney produced an animated film called The Story of Menstruation.	true
The cover of Disney's The Little Mermaid home video includes a phallus deliberately drawn by a disgruntled artist.	false
A Disney cartoon shows Mickey Mouse using an unusual method to make Swiss cheese.	false
In a talking Lion King book, Rafiki chants, "Squashed bananas up your arse."	false
The photographic image of a topless woman appears in the background of a scene in The Rescuers.	true
The film Song of the South has never been released on home video in the USA.	true
The visual appearance of Tinker Bell in Disney's 1953 animated version of Peter Pan was modeled after Marilyn Monroe.	false
Image shows a risqu shadow sneaked into a scene from Toy Story 3 .	false
A hostess working the America Sings attraction was crushed to death by a rotating wall.	true
A four-year-old girl died while riding the Body Wars attraction at EPCOT.	true
The image projected onto one of the singing busts in the Haunted Mansion's graveyard is Walt Disney himself.	false
The actual plane used in the film Casablanca is now part of The Great Movie Ride attraction at Walt Disney World's Disney-MGM Studios theme park.	false
A little-known, exclusive club, the only place in Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom where alcohol is served, is housed near the Pirates of the Caribbean attraction.	false
A private club (the only place in the park where alcohol is served) is housed in Disneyland's New Orleans Square.	true
Several guests have lost their lives on various Disneyland attractions.	true
Disney can legitmately claim that no one has ever died at one of their theme parks, because they always ensure that accident victims are removed from park property before being declared dead.	false
Shortly after the Haunted Mansion opened at Disneyland, a guest was so frightened by the horrific attraction that he suffered a heart attack. The ride was closed and completely redone, with all the frightening elements being removed and replaced with much tamer versions.	false
The horse-drawn hearse in front of Disneyland's Haunted Mansion is the actual hearse used to carry Brigham Young's body.	false
Disneyland's dress code used to exclude men with long hair from the park.	true
A basketball court can be found within the top of Matterhorn mountain at Disneyland.	true
Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev was denied permission to visit Disneyland during a state visit to the U.S. in 1959.	true
The closure and removal of Disneyland's Skyway in November of 1994 was prompted by a guest's having fallen from the ride several months earlier.	false
Women flash their breasts at the camera that takes pictures of Splash Mountain riders as they plunge down the final waterfall.	true
Walt Disney received a dishonorable discharge from the military during World War I.	false
Walt Disney arranged to have himself frozen in cryonic chamber full of liquid nitrogen upon his death, and he now awaits the day when medical technology makes his re-animation possible.	false
Walt Disney was an illegitimate child, born out of wedlock to a woman from a town near Almeria in southern Spain and adopted by Flora and Elias Disney.	false
Maternal figures were typically absent in Walt Disney's animated films because he felt responsible for his own mother's death.	false
Walt Disney's will specified that a substantial bequest go to the first man to become pregnant or bear a child.	false
Walt Disney was born in Robinson, Illinois, and named after a helpful townsperson who assisted his parents.	false
The Walt Disney Company is suing the U.S. Air Force over the design of a new space badge.	false
Disney forced the removal of murals featuring their cartoon figures from the walls of three Florida day care centers.	true
Walt Disney prepared a film to be viewed by Disney executives after his death, in which he gave them all instructions about how to run their areas of the company.	false
During his first day as a writer for Disney Studios, Harlan Ellison was fired for jokingly suggesting a "porn Disney flick" be made.	true
In order to obtain financing from bankers for his new Burbank studios, Walt Disney had to promise to construct a facility that could easily be converted into a hospital.	false
Actor Johnny Depp enrolled in medical school in order to save a sick child.	false
Donald Trump is related to Adolf Hitler.	false
Donald Trump said Africans are "lazy fools only good at eating, lovemaking and thuggery."	false
Donald Trump said that he would have owned Dr. Ben Carson 150 years ago.	false
Donald Trump has been disqualified from running for President due to his comments about Muslims.	false
Donald Trump tweeted that his "grandparents didn't come to America" to see the country taken over by immigrants.	false
Donald Trump failed to place his hand over his heart during the playing of the U.S. national anthem at the beginning of a GOP debate.	false
Donald Trump's grandfather Frederick Trump was a pimp and drug dealer who made his fortune running a brothel and opium den.	mostly false
Donald Trump's "Make America Great Again" caps are manufactured in China.	false
Donald Trump said that Jesus was a "socialist loser."	false
Donald Trump said that he got more military training at prep school than a lot of people who actually joined the military.	mostly true
Donald Trump said that the United States should build a fence around New Mexico.	false
Donald Trump said that he will deport all Nigerians if he gets elected president.	false
Donald Trump plans to appoint a radio host who has spoken poorly of autistic children as NIH director.	mostly false
Donald Trump was removed from GOP primary ballots in five states.	false
Queen Elizabeth said that she would "take America back" if Donald Trump gets elected president.	false
A group of Trump supporters misspelled the candidate's name on their shirts.	false
Donald Trump unveiled a new campaign logo that resembles a swastika.	false
Sheriff Joe Arpaio has been named as Donald Trump's running mate.	false
A video accurately depicts the sound of a dormouse snoring.	false
Dorothy Bland, dean of the Mayborn School of Journalism at the University of North Texas, fabricated a story about police officers in Corinth, Texas.	mostly false
Dr. Seuss created a number of biting political cartoons, including a cartoon featuring a book titled "Adolf the Wolf" and a mother telling her children that his victims were "foreign children" and their deaths "really didn't matter."	true
A video shows a drone airplane clipping the wing of an airliner.	false
All Dunkin Donuts locations are closing after the company filed for bankruptcy.	false
The popular coffee chain Dutch Bros. is closing in 2016.	false
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman put a $100 million bounty on Donald Trump's head.	false
Drug lord Joaquin Guzm n escaped from a Mexican prison for the third time.	false
Mexican drug cartel leader Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has threatened to wage war against ISIS.	false
A new SeaWorld attraction involves drowning a live elephant.	false
A middle-aged man becomes wedged in a cat door when he loses his house keys and tries to wriggle his way inside his home through the pet's entrance. His cries for help attract a gang of students who pull down his pants, paint his derriere blue, stick a daffodil in it, then erect a sign declaring the spectacle to be an example of street art. The man remains stuck in the cat door for two days while unquestioning passersby ignore his pleas for assistance and throw coins at him instead.	false
Exchange between legal secretaries over the whereabouts of the makings of a ham sandwich leads to both being fired.	true
Law firm secretary sends caustic reply to senior associate's e-mail request for a 4 cleaning bill reimbursement.	true
Departing employee e-mails acerbic "leaving letter" to his colleagues.	true
Intern at prestigious law firm sends embarrassing message to multiple co-workers	true
Intern for U.S. senator ends embarrassing break-up e-mail to girlfriend.	true
Child's drawing seemingly depicts mom as a pole dancer when in reality she was a Home Depot clerk trying to sell a shovel.	false
Due to a shortage or men, the Eritrean government has made it mandatory for men to take at least two wives.	false
ESPN has issued a gag order preventing coaches and players from thanking God on television.	false
Germany and the rest of the European Union are legalizing pedophilia.	false
Eyelash extensions are causing women to get eye lice.	mostly false
Facebook users can get the "newly enabled Dislike button" by clicking a link and completing a survey.	false
Facebook has banned the sale of firearms	true
Facebook doesn't consider military emblems appropriate and deletes them from Facebook pages.	false
A Facebook page was suspended because its U.S. Marine Corps emblem was deemed to violate the network's community standards?	false
Fairfax County schools are updating their sex ed curricula to include lessons on oral and anal sex, bestiality, and incest.	mostly false
Clint Eastwood said that Americans should be less concerned about offending each other and more concerned about offending god.	false
Donald Trump suspended his presidential campaign in December 2015.	false
Congressman Ted Yoho said that African-Americans should get only 3/5ths of a vote.	false
A photograph shows a lake that resembles a Teletubby character.	false
A photograph shows a whale near a big wave surfer.	false
A photograph shows gorgeous fall foliage in upstate New York.	false
A photograph shows an x-ray of a 900-pound man.	false
A photograph shows "the darkest baby in the world."	false
Donald Trump has been banned from entering Canada.	false
Hippopotamuses are the only animals that produce naturally pink milk.	false
The IKEA furniture chain is selling a swastika-shaped table.	false
Miss Colombia committed suicide after she the mistaken that accidentally crowned her Miss Universe was rectified.	false
Stanley Kubrick admitted in an interview that he helped NASA fake the U.S. moon landings.	false
A fan was beaten up by moviegoers after spoiling the new Star Wars movie.	false
Actor Tommy Chong passed away in December 2015.	false
An anti-masturbation mascot named Fappy the Dolphin was arrested for swimming naked with dolphins at a SeaWorld park.	false
CNN host Fareed Zakaria posted a blog entry calling for white women to be raped by Islamic minority groups.	false
One fart burns 67 calories.	false
A photograph show a group of wounded female veterans who have each lost one or both legs.	false
Photographs show a 134-foot anaconda caught in the Amazon after eating 257 people and 2325 animals.	false
A photograph shows a wet dog surrounded by a group of otters.	false
The FDA confiscated thousands of chickens from "KFC farms" due to an increasing number of "mutations."	false
FEMA confirmed that a massive natural disaster will level the Pacific Northwest in 2015.	false
A photograph shows two extremely muscular female bodybuilders.	false
A photograph shows a shark attacking a car on a flooded highway in Missouri.	false
The state of Florida has passed a law legalizing nudity at all public beaches.	false
Arby's roast beef is made from a paste, gel, powder, or liquid.	false
The gender of a bell pepper can be identified by counting its lobes.	true
The red food colorants cochineal and carmine are made from ground bugs.	true
Red Bull and other brands of energy drink contain bull semen.	false
Eating carrots results in significantly improved vision.	false
Pepsi is test marketing a Doritos-flavored version of Mountain Dew.	true
The Obama administration is moving to ban donut sprinkles.	false
Goldschlager liqueur contains gold flakes for the purpose of producing small cuts in the throats of imbibers, thereby speeding alcohol ingestion.	false
The FDA has banned the sale of grape-flavored ice cream in the U.S. due to pet-related hazards.	true
Green potatoes are poisonous.	mostly false
JELL-O is made from bones and hides.	true
Kraft cheese won't ever melt, even at high temperatures.	false
Starbucks' Pumpkin Spice Latte contains numerous toxins, and the coffee giant is hiding the drink's ingredient list.	false
Eating a quail a day for 30 days is an impossible-to-win bet.	false
Sushi is always made with raw fish.	false
Girl Scout-vended Thin Mint flavor cookies are made with crack.	false
The Tim Hortons chain of coffee and baked goods stores adds nicotine to its coffee to keep customers hooked on it.	false
Popular cereals (including Lucky Charms and Cheerios) contain paint thinner and pose a danger to children.	false
Eating turkey makes people especially drowsy.	false
Hostess Twinkies have an indefinite shelf life.	false
Some Mexican vanilla contains coumarin, a substance that causes liver and kidney failure at high concentrations.	true
Great Value brand ice cream sandwiches sold by WalMart don't melt.	true
Caesar salad was invented by (or named for) Julius Caesar.	false
Fortune cookies originated in China.	false
Graham crackers were named for a man who believed unhealthy diet led to sexual excess.	true
The "Luther Burger," a bacon cheeseburger served on a Krispy Kreme doughnut bun, is a real food named after R&B singer Luther Vandross.	true
Melba toast and peach melba were named for an opera singer.	true
Italian wedding soup gained its name from being traditionally served at weddings.	false
Fast food restaurants, prisons, and school cafeterias use 'Grade D but edible' meat.	false
You can tell which day a loaf of bread was baked by the color of its plastic twist tag.	true
An international cookbook compiled by California home economics teachers includes a recipe for "Stuffed Camel."	true
Cooking instant noodles along with the contents of their flavor packets turns the MSG contained therein "toxic."	false
"Refried beans" are beans that have been fried more than once.	false
The lines on red Solo cups are markings to designate serving sizes of various kinds of alcohol.	false
"Sun tea" (tea brewed by being left to steep in sunlight) can harbor dangerous bacteria.	true
A freighter carrying tapioca nearly sank when a fire in its hold (and the water used to extinguish it) cooked the cargo.	true
The ritual of clinking glasses evolved from efforts to prove that the drinks contained therein were not poisoned.	false
McDonald's employee Bubba Conroy admitted on Twitter to spitting on food served to white customers.	false
Maraschino cherries are produced using a toxic dye that has been banned for human consumption.	false
Crocodile bile is a deadly poison.	false
Bacteria formed on cut onions and potatoes are responsible for more food poisoning than is spoiled mayonnaise.	false
Dropped food remains germ-free if picked up within five seconds.	false
A girl required surgery after swallowing a wire that had come loose from a barbeque grill cleaning brush and was cooked into a hamburger.	true
The government forced KFC to stop using the word 'chicken' because they serve meat from mutant animals.	false
Kiwi fruit from China contains dangerous growth hormones.	false
Pesticide used on mandarin oranges imported from China is causing severe allergic reactions among U.S. consumers.	false
Studies have demonstrated that Monsanto-developed corn contains toxins that cause organ failure in rats and adverse effects in pregnant women.	false
The FDA has issued a warning about a possible connection between Hepatitis A and green onions.	true
A worker at Pepsi or Frooti has contaminated those beverage products by injecting HIV-infected blood into them.	false
The cremated ashes of Pringles' creator were packaged and sold to customers.	false
A Chinese restaurant in Atlanta was shut down after being caught accepting a shipment of rats, mice and other non-food animals.	false
A cook attempted to poison George Washington with tomatoes.	false
Growth hormones used in poultry cause ovarian cysts in women who consume chicken wings.	false
Photographs document crabs imported from China that have been injected with formalin.	false
Eating six or seven bananas at once can result in death from a lethal potassium overdose.	false
Studies link bread consumption to convicted felons, violent crimes, and poor academic performance and call for "bread-free" zones to be established around schools.	false
Ingestion of some types of margarine increases the risk of coronary disease.	true
Cadbury of Canada has recalled chocolate eggs that may have pieces of plastic in them.	true
Mold has been discovered in packages of Capri Sun fruit drink.	true
The world will run out of chocolate by 2020.	mostly false
A recall was issued for foil-wrapped Pirate's Gold chocolate coins because they contain melamine.	true
Fruit must be eaten on an empty stomach in order for the body to absorb it properly.	false
Kraft Macaroni & Cheese products carry a warning label due to their use of GMO wheat.	false
Cups of instant noodles pose a danger to consumers due to their wax linings.	false
Prepackaged salads and spinach may contain E. coli.	true
Star fruit is dangerous to eat.	true
The FDA has barred travelers from bringing Vegemite into the U.S.	false
In the wake of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, consumers should avoid fish and seafood because it may contain the Zulican virus.	false
Jonah Hill is set to star in a remake of the 1994 film Forrest Gump.	false
Fox News has hired George Zimmerman, the man who killed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, as a commentator.	false
Fox News recently broadcast a deceptive chart about Obamacare enrollment numbers.	false
Photographs show scammers using a strip of film to steal an unsuspecting bank customer's ATM card.	true
Thieves can steal ATM cards and PINs by using plastic sleeves known as "Lebanese loops."	true
FEMA is hiring Hurricane Sandy cleanup crews in New Jersey.	false
The IRS is sending out unsolicited e-mail providing taxpayers with a web form to use to check on the status of their federal income tax returns and refunds.	false
Jordan Embry is giving away thousands of dollars to people who like his Facebook page.	false
A photograph shows Donald Trump's father posing with Chinese revolutionary Mao Zedong.	false
A photograph documents the capture of a rare freshwater Marquette shark off the coast of Muskegon, Michigan.	false
People visiting a haunted house in Texas were horrified to discover a man eating a teenage boy inside the attraction.	false
A photograph shows a frozen spider web.	false
A series of photographs shows frozen waves off the coast of Nantucket.	true
Price-Look Up (PLU) code stickers on vegetables and fruit are edible.	mostly false
The Black Lives Matter movement has organized an attack on white police officers on 11 September 2015.	mostly false
Photograph shows a 'Who Wants to Be a Millionaire' contestant being asked to identify the first letter of the alphabet.	false
Dogs' noses are used to manufacture the thumbsticks on Nintendo GameCube controllers.	false
Scientists are stumped by a photograph taken by the Hubble Telescope and some believe it shows "the gates of heaven."	false
George Washington said that a free people need "sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence" from their own government.	false
A man driving a Porsche with Georgia tags abandoned a dog on the side of the road in South Carolina.	false
A Georgia teen contracted HIV while getting a sew-in hair weave.	false
Sixteen girls were impregnated after a boy ejaculated in a swimming pool.	false
A child who wrote to God about her deceased pet received a kind letter and a book to help her with her bereavement in response.	true
The cockpit recorder from Alaska Airlines Flight 261 revealed a pastor's wife led passengers in prayer just before the plane dived into the Pacific Ocean.	false
Actress Audrey Hepburn authored a pithy list of beauty tips.	false
During a hospital visit, President George W. Bush saluted an Army officer who had been badly injured during the September 11 terrorist attack on the Pentagon.	true
National Geographic magazine ran an article about a mother bird who sacrificed herself to protect her chicks from a forest fire.	false
The Corporate Angel Network, an organization that coordinates free air travel for cancer patients, began when Coca-Cola executives arranged for the U.S. Navy's Blue Angels to fly a liver from San Diego to Houston in time for transplant into a little girl.	false
George W. Bush took a half hour off from glad-handing supporters at a 'thank you' dinner to witness for Christ to a teenage boy.	false
Account by astronaut Buzz Aldrin describes his taking Communion on the moon.	true
The poem "Daddy's Day" was written in response to the September 11 terrorist attacks.	false
Pastor encounters down-at-the-heels traveler who hands out bibles.	true
A dying child was made an honorary fireman by the Phoenix Fire Department.	true
The father of Alexander Fleming, the discoverer of penicillin, saved a young Winston Churchill from drowning, and in gratitude Churchill's father paid for Fleming's education.	false
A Houston restaurant server declined to wait on customers who made derogatory comments about a child with Down syndrome.	true
Bill Gates explains to a waiter why he left a much smaller tip than his son did.	false
A struggling newborn improved dramatically after being placed in an incubator with her healthy twin sister.	true
Illegitimate child grows up to become Governor of Tennessee.	true
A struggling newborn was helped by the healing hug of her twin.	true
Jack Benny arranged to have a single red rose sent to his wife every day after he was gone.	true
The same person posed for the figures of both Judas and Jesus in Leonardo da Vinci's painting of "The Last Supper."	false
E-mail sent from orbit captures Space Shuttle Columbia astronaut Laurel Clark's final words to her family.	true
A teacher imparted a lesson in the value of freedom by having veterans return her students' desks.	true
Mel Gibson was the inspiration for the film The Man Without a Face.	false
A horse named 'The Old One' rescued a herd from a burning barn.	false
A Virginia State Trooper expresses his frustration with the public treatment of policemen two months before being killed in the line of duty.	false
As a teenager, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell learned to speak Yiddish while working in a Jewish-owned baby equipment store in New York.	true
An angel disguised as a priest saved a critically injured girl, then vanished.	false
Premature baby who survives against the odds years later announces that God smells like rain.	true
An adopted dog's former owner turns out to be a soldier who was killed in Iraq.	false
Shortly before he died, a teen named Brian Moore penned the Internet essay now known as "The Room."	false
Sandstorm in Iraq reveals location of thousands of mines to U.S. troops.	false
Martin Savidge of CNN interviews four selfless American marines serving in Iraq, offering them the chance to make phone calls home.	false
Cartoonist Charles Schulz designed a quiz to demonstrate the importance of having people who care about you.	false
Actor Brad Pitt authored "A Secret of Love" about his wife.	false
In 1969, comic Red Skelton lamented on his weekly television show that the Pledge of Allegiance might someday be considered a "prayer" and eliminated from public schools.	true
Truck driver involved in capture of sniper suspects prayed with other truckers that the sniper would be caught.	true
Mr. and Mrs. Leland Stanford decided to found their own university after being rebuffed by Harvard's president.	false
Drawing from three stories about his life, Steve Jobs delivered a moving commencement address to Stanford's 2005 graduating class.	true
Real diary entries of a rejected teen who subsequently had tragedy strike her family show the lead-up to suicide.	false
Message describes the Hoyts, a father and disabled son who participate as a team in marathons.	true
Tenor Jos Carreras recovered from leukemia with the assistance of a foundation secretly started by his bitter rival, Pl cido Domingo.	false
Concentration camp survivor is coincidentally reunited years later with a girl who secretly helped feed him.	false
Former White House Press Secretary Tony Snow authored an essay about the "unexpected blessings" of cancer.	true
NFL quarterback Kurt Warner married a woman who had two children, one a special needs child.	true
The band Godsmack is changing their name to Powerchord due to complaints from listeners.	false
Kentuckian Larry Rutman sued himself and was awarded $300,000 (paid by his insurance company) after he injured himself with a boomerang.	false
A gang member died after trying to gold plate his genitals.	false
A photograph accurately depicts a worker standing on the cables of the unfinished Golden Gate Bridge.	false
Photographs show a cache of weapons uncovered by the Coast Guard in Greece, disguised as furniture and headed for European refugee camps.	false
Federal "gun confiscation units" have arrived in Penn Valley, California, to begin seizing firearms.	false
The city of New York is installing public masturbation booths.	mostly false
A photograph shows the phrase "Hail Satan" printed on the bottom of a cup from the In-N-Out Burger chain.	false
The Centers for Disease Control have issued a warning concerning used condoms being repurposed as hairbands.	false
A photograph shows a dog with a badly burned face.	false
A Harley Davidson dealership is sponsoring a Nation of Islam rally.	mostly false
A 2007 Harvard University study proved that areas with higher rates of gun ownership have lower crime rates.	false
53 people were killed with a hatchet aboard the Queen Mary in Long Beach, California.	false
A Hawaii state official recently came forward with proof President Barack Obama's birth certificate is not legitimate.	false
A video shows two women drinking a bottle of helium infused wine.	false
A photograph shows Hillary Clinton in blackface and Bill Clinton dressed as a hillbilly.	false
Hillary Clinton said that Democratic voters were stupid and easily manipulated.	false
Hillary Clinton once said that "women have always been the primary victims of war."	true
An image of the Hindu goddess Kali was projected onto the Empire State Building.	true
David Rice Atchison served as President of the United States for one day in 1849.	false
The 1968 Miss America pageant spawned a decade of bra-burning by feminists as a means of calling attention to their cause.	false
During a photo opportunity at a 1992 grocers' convention, President George Bush was "amazed" at encountering supermarket scanners for the first time.	false
The U.S. standard railroad gauge derives directly from the width of Imperial Roman war chariots.	false
When John Hancock affixed his famously large signature to the Declaration of Independence, he proclaimed, "There, I guess King George will be able to read that !"	false
John F. Kennedy triggered a precipitous decline in the sales of men's hats by appearing hatless at his 1961 inauguration.	false
Washington, D.C., has no 'J' Street because city designer Pierre L'Enfant bore a grudge against Chief Justice John Jay.	false
The Statue of Liberty was erected as a tribute to the accomplishments of black soldiers in the Civil War, and a black woman served as the model for Lady Liberty.	false
Article details 'four things you didn't know' about Martin Luther King, Jr.	mostly false
Betsy Ross is the only real person ever depicted on a PEZ candy dispenser.	false
Texas' is the only state flag authorized to be flown at the same height as the U.S. national flag.	false
The middle name of President Harry Truman was just the letter 'S.'	true
During wartime, the Seal of the President of the United States is modified so that the eagle's head faces the opposite direction.	false
Two grandchildren of John Tyler, the 10th President of the U.S., are still alive.	true
The U.S. constitution requires that presidential and vice-presidential candidates be from different states	false
George Washington told of an angel who revealed a prophetic vision of America to him at Valley Forge.	false
President Richard M. Nixon used the wrong "Wilson desk" in the White House.	true
The eleven points on the maple leaf of Canada's flag represent the number of Canadian provinces and territories.	false
A list of "Communist Rules for Revolution" was discovered by Allied forces in Germany in 1919.	false
An 1875 report by the Horseless Carriage Committee warned about the dangers of gasoline-fueled vehicles.	false
Image reproduces women's housekeeping and grooming instructions from a 1949 Singer sewing manual.	true
In 1829, Martin Van Buren sent a letter to President Andrew Jackson about the necessity for preserving canals against the development of railroads.	false
Italian dictator Benito Mussolini made the trains run on time.	false
When the Germans ordered Jews in occupied Denmark to identify themselves by wearing armbands with yellow stars during World War II , King Christian X of Denmark and non-Jewish Danes thwarted the order by donning the armbands themselves.	false
When the bathtub was introduced to the U.S. in the mid-1800s, its popularity was hindered by the belief that taking baths was injurious to a person's health.	false
A pair of hoaxsters once led hundreds of gullible New Yorkers into participating in a scheme to saw Manhattan Island in half.	false
Multi-millionaire passenger John Jacob Astor made an archly humorous quip when the Titanic struck an iceberg.	false
The sister ship to the Olympic and Titanic was originally intended to be named the Gigantic .	true
The Titanic went to a watery grave carrying a cursed mummy in its hold.	false
Catholic shipyard workers believed the Titanic was doomed because her hull number read 'NO POPE' backwards.	false
The Titanic was the first ship to use "SOS" as a distress call.	false
A shipyard worker was accidentally trapped and entombed within the Titanic 's hull.	false
The Titanic was never advertised using the word "unsinkable."	false
A man sneaked his way onto one of the Titanic 's lifeboats by donning women's dress.	false
The four kings in a deck of playing cards represent Charlemagne, David, Caesar, and Alexander.	false
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.	false
Adolf Hitler said that the best way to control a people is to "take a little of their freedom at a time."	false
A photograph depicts a man who painted his lawn to look like an American flag because his homeowners' association wouldn't let him fly one.	false
Disney has confirmed the film Hocus Pocus 2 is in production, more than 20 years after the release of the original Hocus Pocus.	false
The song "The Twelve Days of Christmas" was created as a coded reference to important articles of the Christian faith.	false
The name of Boxing Day comes from the need to rid the house of empty boxes the day after Christmas.	false
Candy canes were created as Christian symbols representing the blood and purity of Jesus.	false
Two of Santa's reindeer were originally named 'Dunder' and 'Blixem,' not 'Donner' and 'Blitzen.'	true
Law firm issues Seussian response to a motion by opposing counsel for the court to ignore a lawyer's Christmas vacation request.	true
The term "Immaculate Conception" refers to the conception of Jesus by the Virgin Mary.	false
Power companies are fining customers for keeping their holiday lights up too long.	false
The opening line of the Christmas carol "God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen" means "God make you mighty, gentlemen."	false
Jingle Bells was written as a Christmas song.	false
For twenty-five years, two brothers-in-law traded the same pants back and forth between them as a Christmas gift, each time finding more inventive ways to wrap them.	true
Photograph shows child crying upon seeing Santa Claus' grave.	false
Video shows holiday lights in Brighton which incorporate rude images and messages.	false
Photograph shows a holiday display depicting a homeowner trapped by a fallen ladder while installing Christmas decorations.	true
Photograph shows "the world's largest Christmas tree display."	true
Poinsettia plants are poisonous to humans.	false
In Canada, Santa's postal code is H0H 0H0.	true
NORAD annually tracks Santa's progress because a child trying to reach Santa via a newspaper advertisement called the wrong phone number.	true
Fans in Philadelphia once booed and threw snowballs at Santa Claus.	true
A U.S. serviceman wrote a poem describing a soldier's lonely night before Christmas.	true
The suicide rate increases significantly during the winter holiday season.	false
German and British front-line soldiers sang carols, exchanged gifts, and played soccer during a World War I Christmas truce.	true
Wal-Mart resold toys left with it to be donated to needy kids.	true
The term 'Xmas' is a modern, disrespectful abbreviation of the word 'Christmas.'	false
The date of Earth Day was chosen as April 22 by the Unicorn Killer to coincide with Vladimir Lenin's birthday.	false
Easter Sunday occurs unusually early and late in 2008 and 2011, respectively.	true
Historically, more collect phone calls are made on Father's Day than on any other day of the year.	true
Flag protocol specifies that a U.S. flag should be burned if it has been allowed to touch the ground.	false
Photograph shows a masked partygoer who killed seven people on Halloween 1962.	false
In 2015 Halloween falls on Friday the 13th for the first time in 666 years.	false
Halloween is the second-biggest U.S. holiday in terms of retail sales.	false
New Year's is the day of the year on which the greatest number of people are killed in automobile accidents.	false
Watch Night church services began in 1862 with blacks awaiting the enactment of the Emancipation Proclamation of New Year's Day, 1863.	false
The Cinco de Mayo holiday is a celebration of Mexico's achieving independence from Spain.	false
The federal holiday observed in the United States on the third Monday of February is officially designated as "Presidents' Day."	false
The Monday after Thanksgiving is the busiest online shopping day of the year in the U.S.	false
The presidential practice of pardoning a live turkey before Thanksgiving originated with President Harry Truman in 1947.	false
The day after Thanksgiving is the biggest shopping day of the year in the U.S.	false
George Washington was the first U.S. president to issue a Thanksgiving proclamation.	true
A tradition of celebrating Veterans Day with ravioli dinners was initiated by President Woodrow Wilson in 1919.	false
A homeless man found a baby with seven legs in a Dumpster following a botched abortion.	false
Hooters Restaurants are giving away free wings to customers who bring in photographs of their exes on Valentine's Day.	true
Photograph shows a python that ate a drunken man in India.	false
A Palm Beach golfer was devoured by a large crocodile right on the links.	false
An abused goat kills its owner ... and then is saved from destruction by animal lovers.	true
Photograph shows a man eating a dead baby served at an Asian restaurant.	false
A Berlin restaurant plans to offer meals made from human body parts.	false
A virus known as LQP-79 produces "zombie-like" cannibalistic behavior in humans.	false
Rub-on "tattoos" of cartoon characters laced with LSD are handed out to children by unscrupulous drug dealers.	false
Drug dealers use hollowed-out bodies of dead children to smuggle cocaine into the U.S.	false
Thinking she could fly, Diane Linkletter accidentally jumped to her death while high on LSD.	false
Several students tripping on LSD stared at the sun until blinded.	false
Bubble Yum chewing gum contains spider eggs.	false
A leper was found working in a Chesterfield cigarette factory.	false
A Wendy's customer found a human finger in her bowl of chili.	false
Chinese restaurants in the U.S. use cat meat in their entrees.	false
Chocolate milk is made from "regular" milk rejected for containing too much cow's blood.	false
Workers at the Corona brewery urinate into the beer.	false
The McDonald's restaurant chain is the world's largest purchaser of cow eyeballs.	false
Evian brand drinking water is filtered with cow's blood.	false
A customer who picks up some fried chicken from a fast food outlet discovers that an unusual-tasting piece is actually a batter-fried rat.	false
HIV+ blood has been slipped into ketchup dispensers in fast food restaurants.	false
The government forced KFC to stop using the word 'chicken' because they serve meat from mutant animals.	false
McDonald's beverages contain yucky non-food substances.	false
A human finger was found in a can of menudo.	false
Customer becomes sick after eating a steak at a chain restaurant; analysis of her meal reveals the presence of human urine in the meat.	false
A child contracted AIDS through eating a pineapple that a vendor had bled upon.	false
A human penis was found in a jar of fruit punch.	false
Analysis of restaurant food eaten by a young woman reveals the presence of semen from HIV- or STD-positive men.	false
Cockroach eggs in drinking straws pose a general danger to restaurant patrons.	false
A 1993 instance of product tampering resulted in syringes being found in cans of Pepsi.	false
The cause of swelling in a girl's jaw was determined to be cockroach eggs she ingested from eating a Taco Bell taco or licking envelopes.	false
The mayonnaise oozing from a chicken sandwich turned out to be pus from a tumor in the chicken.	false
McDonald's uses worm meat as filler in their hamburgers.	false
McDonald's uses worm meat as filler in their hamburgers.	false
Nine people died in a beer flood in 1814.	true
An inattentive janitor caused several deaths in a South African hospital when she unplugged patients' life support systems to plug in her floor polisher.	false
Kid dies doing the latest dance step in a video.	false
A man was convicted of manslaughter for accidentally killing his wife with a "Dutch oven."	false
A Houston doctor was decapitated by a malfunctioning elevator.	true
A young woman named Elisa Lam died under mysterious circumstances in Los Angeles.	true
John Howard Griffin, the author of Black Like Me, died from skin cancer caused by the treatment he underwent to darken his skin.	false
Halloween hanging stunts goes wrong and hangs a man for real.	true
A circus dwarf bounced sideways off a trampoline and was swallowed by a hippopotamus.	false
Bodies of workmen are entombed in Hoover Dam.	false
A man was burned to death attempting to rescue his dog from a boiling hot spring.	true
A pedestrian was killed by a flying fire hydrant.	true
A teenager died attempting the ALS 'ice bucket challenge.'	false
A prisoner killed himself using a deck of playing cards.	true
A tourist was electrocuted while crossing a street in Las Vegas.	true
People have died laughing.	true
A Virginia man was washing machined to death.	false
A man was killed by an exploding lava lamp.	true
A spectator at a football game was killed by a flying model lawnmower.	true
A man eating a lollipop choked to death when his car's airbag deployed, forcing the candy down his throat.	false
A mixture of Mentos and Coca-Cola killed two Brazilian children.	false
A fatal wave of molasses swept through Boston in January 1919.	true
Several actors have kicked the bucket in front of an audience.	true
Murder or suicide? The coroner had his hands full determining just that in the case of a man who jumped off a building, only to have a shotgun blast finish him off halfway down.	false
Little Mikey of LIFE cereal fame died from the explosive effects of mixing Pop Rocks candy with soda pop.	false
The latest thrill in Thailand pumping air into the rectum with a bicycle pump is claiming victims at an alarming rate.	false
After the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, a car thief was found crushed to death under a collapsed freeway overpass in the vehicle he'd stolen.	false
A damaged saguaro cactus fell onto the man who had harmed it and killed him.	true
The charred remains of a scuba diver were discovered in a tree after a forest fire.	false
A band musician received a fatal head injury from a trombone slide.	false
A Toronto lawyer demonstrating the safety of window panes in a skyscraper plunged through a window to his death.	true
The Amityville Horror is based on a true story.	false
Photograph shows a dead woman who collects the souls of people who don't share her image.	false
The movie The Blair Witch Project is based on footage shot by three student filmmakers who mysteriously disappeared while making a documentary about the legend of the Blair Witch.	false
A man's cell phone placed calls to his loved ones after his demise.	true
The limousine Archduke Franz Ferdinand rode to his death in brought a curse upon all those who subsequently owned it.	false
The spiral stairway at Santa Fe's Loretto Chapel miraculously stands despite having no discernable means of support.	false
The Titanic went to a watery grave carrying a cursed mummy in its hold.	false
Ghosts of two murdered teen girls return to kill and skin parents who failed to tell their subsequent son of the girls' existence.	false
Ghost of teen a teen named Carmen Winstead strikes down those who don't repost her story on Facebook.	false
After repeatedly complaining about the smell in their room, a vacationing couple staying in a hotel discover a body hidden under their bed.	true
A burglar discovered a suicide in the home he'd broken into.	true
People have been buried alive by mistake.	true
A secret tape recorded aboard the doomed space shuttle Challenger captured the final panic-stricken moments of the crew.	false
John Wayne's autopsy revealed 40 pounds of impacted fecal matter lodged in his colon.	false
A man who died at his office desk went unnoticed by his co-workers for five days.	false
Bodies of suicide victims have been mistaken for Halloween decorations.	true
A cuckolded husband presented his wife with the head of her lover.	true
A father parks his truck atop a leaf pile containing his daughter, killing her.	true
The "hanging man" in a funhouse turns out to be the corpse of an outlaw.	true
Photographs show a venomous caterpillar known as an asp.	true
Bugs crawl into a person's ear, make their home there, then slowly eat their way through the brain.	false
A cactus explodes and spews baby tarantulas everywhere.	false
A family perished after drinking tea from a kettle in which a deadly spider had died.	false
A swelling on a girl's cheek breaks open and disgorges hundreds of baby spiders.	false
The venomous 'two-striped telamonia' spider lurks beneath toilet seats in public restrooms.	false
The larva of a human botfly was removed from a child's eye.	true
Young girls are tripped by a stranger and sent plummeting to their deaths from theater balconies.	false
A psychic predicted on a popular television talk show that a mass murder would take place on Halloween at a college campus.	false
Woman fabricates story about being detained by a man pretending to be a police officer.	true
Women who leave their cars to be serviced risk rape from mechanics who copy their house keys with a view to breaking in later.	false
Prospective new gang members are being initiated by killing the drivers of cars who flash their headlights at them.	false
Prospective new gang members are being initiated by killing the drivers of cars who flash their headlights at them.	false
Women are being lured out of malls and into dangerous situations with the promise of appearing in television commericals.	false
Madmen are injecting HIV-infected blood into unsuspecting moviegoers and random young people dancing in bars or at raves.	false
A man using the screen name 'DreamWeaverGrey' is luring women to their deaths over the Internet.	false
Films are routinely made for entertainment purposes in which participants are murdered on camera.	false
Children's Webkinz are being murdered online.	false
Service station customers are getting stuck by HIV-loaded syringes affixed to gas pump handles.	false
Acid was placed into in hand soap dispensers in the restrooms of rest stops in Alabama and Florida.	false
Pins, needles, and razor blades have been found in trick-or-treaters' loot.	true
Drug users are disposing of their used needles by putting them into the coin return slots of public telephones, thereby infecting unsuspecting victims with hepatitis and HIV.	false
Gang members all over the country are spreading a deadly mixture of LSD and strychnine on pay phone buttons.	false
Zero Population Growth terrorists are boobytrapping men's toilers with razors.	false
Teens across the U.S.A. are amusing themselves by throwing lit gasoline-soaked rags into cars halted at stop lights.	false
Father foils attempted abduction at a Blockbuster store of North Texas child.	false
A little boy dies after being pricked by a heroin-filled syringe in a playground ball pit.	false
Infants have died or suffered debilitating respiration problems after aspirating baby oil.	true
Image depicts a toddler who was electrocuted after playing with an electrical cord.	mostly false
The death of an infant in an automobile accident led to the invention of 'Baby on Board' signs.	false
Parents of a murdered Virginia Tech co-ed unthinkingly back over another of their children on the way to the airport.	false
Schoolkids are smoking and injecting crushed bedbugs to get high from a hallucinogenic substance they contain.	false
When the Red Cross conducted a volunteer blood drive at a local high school recently, they uncovered a shocking truth: 20% of the student donors were HIV-positive.	false
Kids are rubbing Burt's Bees lip balm on their eyelids to get high.	false
Baby left in car by forgetful parent dies.	true
A child suffocated while playing a "Chubby Bunny" marshmallow-stuffing game.	true
Child falls on knife in open dishwasher and dies.	true
Children have suffered injuries by getting their shoes caught in escalators.	true
Enraged father punishes 3-year-old by smashing his fingers, then commits suicide out of remorse.	false
A razor blade discovered in a child's "footies" (footed pajamas) injured a baby.	true
E-mail claims a Mexican woman attempted to abduct a tot from a store in Tupelo, Mississippi.	false
Razor blades were discovered glued to playground equipment in a public park.	true
A policeman stalks a young girl on the Internet to show her how easily even the most innocuous information can be used to find someone in real life.	true
A child injured his arm through extended wearing of Silly Bandz.	true
A soldier returning from deployment discovers his wife has died during his absence, and their children have starved to death.	true
A child drowned after jumping into the ocean to see SpongeBob SquarePants.	true
A child died from drinking the contents of a prize-bearing Coca-Cola 'MagiCan.'	false
President Calvin Coolidge's son was killed by a poisonous dye in his black socks.	false
People have been killed by cyanide-laced ATM deposit envelopes.	false
Ground glass is a deadly poison.	false
A golfer in the habit of carrying his tee in his mouth while playing holes grows sicker and sicker over the course of a few days and then drops dead. A post-mortem reveals that the golfer had ingested a lethal dose of the pesticide sprayed on the golf course.	true
Police have documented cases of people randomly distributing poisoned goodies to children on Halloween.	false
Murderers have tried to pass off their crimes as copycat Tylenol poisoners.	true
Drugged travelers awaken in ice-filled bathtubs only to discover one of their kidneys has been harvested by organ thieves.	false
A fun-loving college student awoke after a wild party to find both his kidneys had been stolen by organ thieves. He now spends his days attached to a machine that keeps him alive until a donor match can be found.	false
Women who wear their purses strapped across their bodies running the risk of being beheaded by purse snatchers.	false
Thieves lie in wait under victims' cars, then render their victims helpless by slashing their ankles.	false
Image depicts a toddler who was electrocuted after playing with an electrical cord.	mostly false
Cell phone calls from particular phone numbers can cause brain hemorrhage and death.	true
Using a cell phone while it is being recharged poses a serious threat of electrocution.	true
A man was blinded for life when his contact lenses fused to his eyes while he was barbecuing.	false
A construction worker survived an accident that poked an 18-inch-long drill bit through one eye and out the side of his skull.	true
Photographs show the aftermath of a car fire caused by an overheated GPS device.	false
A child died during a routine operation because someone used a cell phone in a hospital.	false
The presence of electronic devices (such as iPods and cell phones) on one's body can make lightning strike injuries more severe.	true
Spark from a welding arc reaches disposable lighter in worker's pocket, causing it to explode and kill him.	false
Worker who stands too close to microwave radiation is cooked by its rays.	false
Lightning strikes have killed people who were talking on the telephone.	true
A hand-held police radar unit successfully tracked a military aircraft on maneuvers, nearly causing the aircraft to fire a missile in response.	false
A girl on an amusement park ride was scalped when her hair got caught in the attraction's machinery.	true
Siblings are coincidentally killed in related automobile accidents.	true
When a woman with a bouffant hairdo falls victim to a mysterious illness and dies, doctors determine the cause of death to have been the bites of spiders that had taken up residence in her hair.	false
Weave made from dead person's hair causes worms to grow in recipient's scalp.	false
Cher had her lowest pair of ribs surgically removed to achieve an ultra-small waist.	false
A woman intent upon looking her best for a big day treats herself to far too many tanning sessions and cooks herself to death.	false
Howard Stern said that he would never vote for another Democrat.	true
Mike Huckabee said Kim Davis should be afforded the chance to address Congress.	false
Some lots of Huggies brand baby wipes are impregnated with tiny shards of glass.	false
Pro wrestler Hulk Hogan committed suicide in September 2015.	false
A fed-up computer tech support specialist finally tells a particularly frustrating customer she's "too stupid to own a computer."	false
Golfer who sticks his scrotum into a ball washer is horribly injured.	false
Attempt to rid home of bedbugs results in fire that razes apartment building.	true
Insect-infested house is destroyed when too many "bug bombs" set by owner are ignited.	true
Man dies in his sleep from breathing in his own farts.	false
A fellow intent upon killing a raccoon manages to launch himself as a fireball out a drainage pipe.	false
Julie Andrews sang an old folks' parody of "My Favorite Things" to celebrate her 69th birthday.	false
The artificial sweetener aspartame was originally developed as an ant poison.	false
An argument over a San Diego-based message board resulted in two murders.	false
A new date rape drug, "beer," is being used by female sex predators preying on men in bars.	false
Drunk Chairman of the Federal Reserve lets loose in a bar about how bad the U.S. economy truly is.	false
Federal judge takes away from black women the right to name their children.	false
According to a study published in The New England Journal of Medicine, "ogling women's breasts is good for a man's health."	false
Little Billy Evans needs your help to obtain a real body to replace the burlap sack full of leaves that now serves as his trunk.	false
Terrorist attempting to light the fuse to a bomb hidden in his rectum is foiled by airline personnel.	false
Chess player's head explodes.	false
Chihuahuas are actually a type of rodent bred to resemble dogs.	false
A newspaper once announced a Daylight Saving Time contest to see who could save the most daylight.	true
The FBI or Homeland Security tracks your every online keystroke with a pair of animated eyes.	false
A free web site allows users to track the location of any cell phone.	false
An 83-year-old grandmother beat up six airport security guards.	false
E-mail advertises new cell phone conforming to federal regulations requiring motorists to use hands-free devices only.	false
A medical study has determined that working with idiots is 'one of the deadliest forms of stress.'	false
Man arrested for insider trading attributes his financial success to time travel.	false
A man had his thumbs surgically altered so that he could more easily operate his iPhone.	false
You should ignore mailings from the 'Internal Revenue Service' because that organization bilks taxpayers out of their money.	false
A Kinsey Institute study found that having children lowers the IQ of both parents.	false
An Oregon county health services department hired a Klingon interpreter to assist psychiatric patients who would speak no other language.	false
You can look up anyone's driver's license for free through the 'National Motor Vehicle Licence Organization' web site.	false
The BBC reported on a lion's mutilating 42 midgets in a Cambodian ring-fight.	false
The Make-A-Wish Foundation is being driven into bankruptcy by a child who wished for unlimited wishes.	false
Researchers have developed genetically engineered fruit trees that bear meat.	false
In 1555 Nostradamus predicted that December 2000 would see "the village idiot will come forth to be acclaimed the leader in the home of greatest power."	false
Pacific Palisades High School placed an unusual message on their school telephone answering system.	false
A practical joker landed tourists in trouble by publishing a Japanese-to-English phrase book with incorrect definitions for every phrase.	false
Perverts are going door to door getting folks to disrobe by asking to see various body parts.	false
Harry Potter books are sparking a rise in Satanism among children.	false
Amazing on-line psychic trick can read minds and identify which symbol a user selected from a list of many choices.	false
President Clinton has ordered a recall of Massachusetts commemorative quarters because they feature a portrait of a minuteman holding a gun.	false
Popcorn is a cheap but effective radiation tester.	false
Saddam Hussein once starred in gay porn films.	false
Web site provides access to program that will clean the inside of your computer screen.	false
A man starved to death because he refused to leave his computer long enough to eat.	false
The Taco Bell chain is closing due to allegations that its "beef" is really cat and dog meat.	false
Online magic trick reads the minds of those who try it and removes from a deck of five or six cards the one chosen by those people.	false
Thieves are stealing women's thighs and replacing them with oatmeal.	false
Man attempting to commit suicide by shooting himself in the head inadvertently saves his own life when the bullet excises his inoperable brain tumor.	false
The U.S. is about to surrender its sovereignty to the United Nations, and other assorted political calamities.	false
The "worst job in Singapore" belongs to a zoo worker who has to help animals masturbate in order to collect sperm samples from them.	false
An unusual planetary alignment on 4 January 2015 will make people on Earth weigh less.	false
An epidemic has resulted in an outbreak of 'zombism.'	false
A collection of humorous articles from the African press.	false
Albert Einstein switches places with his chauffeur for a speaking engagement, then fields a question directed to the man the audience thought was him.	false
Casino tokens collected by Catholic churches in Las Vegas are sent to a monastery for sorting and redeemed by Franciscans known as "chip monks."	false
Albert Einstein switches places with his chauffeur for a speaking engagement, then fields a question directed to the man the audience thought was him.	false
The brothers who invented automobile air conditioning pulled a fast one on Henry Ford.	false
A few sips of hydrogen beer enables Japanese karaoke nuts to sing soprano parts and shoot blue flames out of their mouths at dramatic moments.	false
Mysterious white powdery substance on a football field is revealed to be the goal line.	false
A good Samaritan who saves Richard Nixon from drowning asks only one reward: that no one tell his father.	false
Champion skier Picabo Street forbidden to answer the phone in the Intensive Care Unit where she works.	false
Airline pilot takes seeing eye dog for a walk, causing much consternation amongst the waiting passengers.	false
Super Bowl quarterback was formerly a foreign soldier who could toss grenades well.	false
The Treasury is recalling one state's quarters because they're jamming coin slots.	false
Fed up with the endless stream of wrong numbers meant for a local hotel, a Tennessee woman begins fielding calls on their behalf.	false
A child's Christmas letter to a sailor misinterprets the sounds of his mother's sexual satisfaction as prayer.	false
Cargo lost in the Titanic 's sinking led to the creation of the Cinco de Mayo observance.	false
Thieves mistakenly break into sperm bank and consume 'vanilla pudding' they find there.	false
Johnson & Johnson rectal thermometers are "personally tested."	false
Dick Van Dyke's real name is Penis Van Lesbian.	false
Letter from actor Sean Connery rejects offer to become pitchman for Apple Computers.	false
The state of Michigan threatened local beavers with a $10,000 per day fine for failing to remove their dams.	true
A compendium of hilarious letters to advice columnist Dear Abby.	true
A humorous questionnaire was once posted on the McDonnell-Douglas web site.	false
A teenaged job seeker sent a sarcastic employment application to McDonald's and was hired.	false
Advice columnist responds to the wrong aspect of reader's letter.	false
Letter from Royal Mail's customer services department asks a local resident to stop pranking postal employees.	false
The Smithsonian sent a rejection letter in response to an amateur paleontologist's submission of a Malibu Barbie head as a prehistoric find.	false
The ongoing correspondence (and battle of wills) between a traveler and hotel maids. And all over a bar of soap.	false
Discount chain threatens to bar a family from shopping at one of their stores due to the husband's pranking.	false
An employee of Zantex Computers penned a scathing resignation letter.	false
List of funny news stories from 1998.	false
List presents humorously bad analogies and metaphors taken from high school essays.	false
An Associated Press dispatch mistakenly sent out to newspapers included home phone numbers for hundreds of well-known sports figures.	true
Photograph from FOXNews web site depicting the New York City skyline the morning after the 2003 North American blackout includes a view of the World Trade Center towers.	false
Technical glitch on CNN web site revealed obituaries for several famous but not-yet-dead people.	true
A 'Dear Abby' advice column was pulled because it included a letter taken from an episode of The Simpsons .	true
Newspaper reporters fall for the old "Heywood Jablome" funny name gag.	true
The New York Times issued an unusual correction to the obituary of photographer Marvin Smith.	true
Captioning glitch on national TV news program transforms an "enlarged prostate" into something considerably more exciting.	true
Urban legends TV show falls for joke about Blackbeard's using a nursery rhyme to recruit fellow pirates.	true
An Urban Myths board game fell for a joke about Blackbeard's using a nursery rhyme to recruit fellow pirates.	true
Madonna gave an interview (in English) to a Hungarian newspaper; her answers were translated from Hungarian back to English, with hilarious results.	false
Disgruntled Random House employee sneaks unusual definition of 'mutton' into the publisher's 1999 dictionary.	false
The following are the instructions enclosed with the novelty toy TOUNGE OF FROG, manufactured in Taiwan.	true
The following is purportedly from the US Government Peace Corps Manual for its volunteers who work in the Amazon Jungle. It tells what to do in case you are attacked by an anaconda, which it claims "is the largest snake in the world, a relative of the boa constrictor that grows to thirty-five feet in length and weighs between three and four hundred pounds."	false
A deceased cattle rancher had an ATM installed in his tombstone to dole out weekly stipends to his heirs.	false
Australian programmers added armed kangaroos to a military defense simulation program.	true
Calamity struck at pianist Myron Kropp's recital in Bangkok	false
Trombonist triggers catastrophe by placing a firecracker in the bell of his instrument.	false
Teachers have gotten into trouble over using 'The L.A. Math Test,' a piece of Internet humor, in the classroom.	true
Photographs depict a rare "Hunter's Moon," a phenomenon that creates the appearance of two suns in the sky.	false
A series of photographs show Hurricane Patricia.	false
Iceland forgave the entire mortgage debt of its population, and a "media blackout" prevented Americans from learning about it.	false
A video shows the world's first wireless bungee jump.	false
Ten cents per e-mail forward go towards the medical care of a woman who was both widowed and injured in the September 11 terrorist attacks.	false
Jacqueline Saburido, the victim of a drunk driving accident, seeks donations to help with the expenses of medical treatment for her extensive injuries.	true
A New York mother of three named Sharon Shechter disappeared in December 2001 and is still missing.	true
You should send money to Donna Sheffer, head of a family claiming to have been struck down by poverty in the wake of her husband's heart attack.	false
American Muslims for Jerusalem have called for a boycott of Estee Lauder products.	true
Some supermarket chains in Norway have decided to place special identification stickers on products from Israel to protest Israeli actions in their conflict with the Palestinian Authority.	false
The 3M company is constructing the World's Largest Pink Ribbon in Times Square to support breast cancer awareness.	true
The Salvation Army charges families for clothing and toys donated to them through the Angel Tree program.	false
You can help donate food to abused, neglected, and abandoned animals by clicking a button on a web site.	true
Salvation Army bell-ringers keep a portion of the monies deposited into their kettles.	false
The proceeds from a special U.S. postal stamp help fund breast cancer research.	true
Campbell's Soup will donate a can of soup to the hungry for every click received on a special web page.	true
Cleaning for a Reason offers free cleaning services to women undergoing treatment for cancer.	true
Playing a word definition game at FreeRice.com results in food being donated to the needy.	true
For every 25 Polar Express e-mails received, Houghton Mifflin will donate a book to a children's hospital.	false
You can direct money to hunger relief simply by clicking a button on a web site.	true
Cellular providers will donate $1 to Susan G.Komen for the Cure every time a particular text message is sent.	false
You can help disadvantaged women in America obtain free mammograms simply by clicking a button on a web site.	true
Part of the proceeds from bags of pink and white M&Ms goes to fund breast cancer research.	true
In 2002 you could trigger a $1 donation to paralysis research by sending a birthday greeting to actor Christopher Reeve.	true
Target has banned Salvation Army bell ringers from its premises.	true
Target has banned Salvation Army bell ringers from its premises.	true
A web site allocates money to autism research and other charities for every video viewed.	true
A 7-year-old girl named Jessica Mydek is dying of cancer, and the American Cancer Society will donate three cents to cancer research every time a message about her is forwarded.	false
A little boy named Anthony Parkin, dying of leukemia, sent a message out on the Internet asking people to keep forwarding it so that some small part of him would live forever.	false
Prayers are requsted for Lauren Renee Pingel, a three-year-old girl from Amarillo, Texas, who was injured in an automobile accident.	true
BCC Inc. will donate 5 per e-mail forward to help Kalin Relek, a little boy injured in a car accident. Or perhaps they're helping Fatima Hafeez, another fictitious child injured in precisely the same accident in another city.	false
Three businesses stand poised to help Savannah Foraker, a child dying of a blood disease, to the tune of 5 per e-mail forward.	false
A 7th-grader named Dean Thomson was badly injured in a sledding accident.	true
Some Facebook users are eligible to claim a payout from the settlement of the Fraley v. Facebook class action lawsuit.	true
Rapper 50 Cent underwent emergency surgery to reattach a hand severed by a car door.	false
Actor Al Pacino has passed away at the age of 75.	false
Actor Jackie Chan was killed in an accident while filming a movie.	false
Singer Axl Rose was found dead in his West Hollywood home.	false
Singer Axl Rose died of a drug overdose in Las Vegas in October 2006.	false
Parents of children born between 1980 and 1991 are entitled to a $1400 settlement from Enfamil and Similac.	false
The Baby Ink body art chain specializes in tattooing babies and children.	false
Actor Ben Savage was killed in a September 2006 drunk-driving accident.	false
Scientists state a 30% chance that a 6.0 earthquake will hit Berkeley, California, within 3 weeks of 28 October 2011.	false
Singer Beyonc Knowles was killed in a car crash.	false
Justin Bieber befriended a fan who had been raped after attending one of his concerts.	false
Pop star Justin Bieber has admitted on Twitter to being bisexual.	false
Justin Bieber has cancer, and fans are shaving their heads in support of him.	false
An organization called 'Citizens Against Breast-Feeding' is petitioning Congress to outlaw breast-feeding.	false
Singer Britney Spears committed suicide at the Promises clinic in October 2007.	false
Football player Michael Vick broke both his legs in an automobile accident.	false
Marty McFly's visit to the future occurs on 21 October 2015.	true
Joe Montana was killed in a car accident.	false
Cesar Millan has died.	false
Ten U.S. states will be ending the practice of requiring child support payments.	false
Chumlee from Pawn Stars has died of a heart attack.	false
Actor Robert Duvall was killed in a fall from a cliff while filming in New Zealand.	false
Through the web site coincidence design.com, you can arrange to "accidentally" meet the girl of your dreams by having her habits researched so you'll know where and when to run into her and then what to say.	false
Photograph shows RAND Corporation's 1954 design for a home computer.	false
All U.S. stores will stop accepting coupons as of 1 July 2014 due to 'Extreme Couponing' fraud.	false
Actor Macaulay Culkin has died.	false
An "Instructions for Life" chain mail mantra was written by the Dalai Lama.	false
In an effort to protect the deer population, PETA has taken to dressing deer in orange hunters' vests. Consequently, local hunters are having a very easy time drawing a bead on these animals and downing them. A sporting goods store offers rewards for the returned vests and a buy-in competition the hunters can participate in.	false
Scientists at a British university have successfully cloned a dinosaur from preserved fossils.	false
The FBI's "Department for Illegal Internet Downloads" is sending out automated warning messages via e-mail.	false
The minimum legal drinking age in the U.S. is being raised to twenty-five as of 2 August 2014.	false
E-mail reproduces TMZ article about Duane Martin and Tisha Campbell	false
EastEnders star Danny Dyer has died.	false
According to a university study, fellatio (oral sex) may significantly decrease the risk of breast cancer in women.	false
Web site provides listings of violent criminals residing in your neighborhood.	false
Actor Will Ferrell was killed in a paragliding accident.	false
A flashing Instant Message is a sign that someone is trying to steal your password.	false
Stephanie Courtney, the actress who plays the character of Flo in commercials for Progressive Insurance, is dead.	false
Comedian Gabriel Iglesias is dead.	false
A four-year study has found that Fox News viewers have IQs 20 points lower than average.	false
Actor Gene Hackman has passed away at the age of 85.	false
KISS frontman Gene Simmons was found dead in his house in November 2007.	false
Former President George H.W. Bush has died of food poisoning.	false
Parents are entitled to claim one $500 savings bond per child from Gerber because Gerber lied about using nothing but natural ingredients in its baby food.	false
A real-life tour guide for inner city children compiled their humorous observations for a blog called Ghetto Hikes.	false
Google Earth helped locate a woman who had been stranded on an island for seven years.	false
Facebook account from actor Ryan Gosling describes the loss of his adopted child.	false
Author J.K. Rowling has announced plans to pen a new book in the Harry Potter series.	false
You should donate money to help an expectant couple seeking to raise $50,000 in order to avoid opting for an abortion.	false
Web site offers to buy unwanted cats and dogs to re-sell for vivisection and animal testing services.	false
Singer Jay Jon was found dead shortly after the releasing the song "C.O.P." on YouTube.	false
Singer Bret Michaels was killed in a jet-ski accident.	false
Actor Judd Nelson has died.	false
Comedian Andy Kaufman is alive, many years after faking his death.	false
Several authors of inspiring books and web logs have turned out to be fictitious.	true
Wayne Knight from Seinfeld was killed in a car crash.	false
Web site offers a device for performing LASIK eye surgery at home.	false
A Texas "cannibal pedophile" death row inmate requested a child as his last meal.	false
Emma Watson will be starring in a live-action version of The Little Mermaid .	false
The abbreviation "LOL" means "Lucifer Our Lord" and is used in prayer by Satanists.	false
You can purchase human meat through a company called ManBeef.	false
Infamous criminal Charles Manson has been found dead in his prison cell.	false
Web site will reveal an "astounding" discovery to the world on 8 March 2003.	false
Singer Mark McGrath was shot and killed by a masked gunman on the set of Hot Package .	false
Customers can "purchase" teenage brides through the web site MarryOurDaughter.com.	false
Comedian Martin Lawrence was found dead in a hotel room.	false
Popular entertainer Dave Matthews is dead.	false
Web site offers to sell third-world orphans for adoption as organ donors.	false
Heavy metal band Metallica is suing the group Unfaith over their use of the E and F chords.	false
Former NBA superstar Michael Jordan died in his sleep in February 2015.	false
Singer Miley Cyrus has died.	false
A video clip shows a NASA studio-produced 'outtake' of the first moon landing.	false
Employee of a law firm sends nonchalant message about replacement of a murdered secretary.	false
MySpace will be replaced with MySpace 2, a fee-for-use site costing $22.50 per month, in 2009.	false
A forthcoming Jamie Oliver cookery book, Naked Chef 2, is circulating on the Internet as a Microsoft Word document.	false
Pastor Joel Osteen announced that he has resigned and renounced Christianity.	false
Your online service is overloaded and is about to cancel the accounts of users who don't forward or repost a particular message: Hotmail Yahoo! MSN Friendster MySpace AOL's AIM Facebook Tagged YouTube Gmail BlackBerry Messenger WhatsApp Viber Instagram	false
Paris Hilton has been stabbed several times in the jail where she is serving out her sentence.	false
Actor Paul Walker was killed in a car crash.	true
You can quickly recharge your cell phone by microwaving it.	false
A Russian company is offering luxury yacht cruises along the Somali coast which provide passengers with the opportunity to shoot pirates.	false
According to a study by the Lovenstein Institute, President Bush has the lowest IQ of all presidents of past 50 years.	false
Web site offers a program for participating and investing in the business of "Canine Sport Fighting."	false
A massive earthquake is poised to hit Los Angeles on 30 September 2010.	false
Actor Norman Reedus has been fired from The Walking Dead after a disagreement with producers.	false
Japanese scientists have successfully cloned a saber-tooth tiger.	false
Porn star Sasha Grey was killed by Ukranian military forces.	false
Steven Seagal died of a heart attack at age 63 in August 2015.	false
Actor Charlie Sheen has died of a heart attack.	false
A Nostradamus prophecy foretold the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster.	false
Comedian/actor Sinbad died of a heart attack in March 2007.	false
Psychopaths can be identified by the answer they give to a one-question test.	false
Ralph Macchio was killed in a snowboarding accident in Switzerland.	false
SpongeBob SquarePants is being canceled at the end of January 2014.	false
Through the web site coincidence design.com, you can arrange to "accidentally" meet the girl of your dreams by having her habits researched so you'll know where and when to run into her and then what to say.	false
Actor Sylvester Stallone has been killed in a car accident in Australia.	false
Photograph shows a tourist who died of fright after being photographed in the Sundarbans.	false
A reality show on NBC will feature women being pursued through the brush by rapists.	false
Actor Channing Tatum came out as gay.	false
The governor of Florida asked residents to reduce their electrical usage during Ted Bundy's execution.	false
The fall 2003 California wildfires left the U.S. facing a severe toilet paper shortage.	false
All messages sent to U.S. government employees on April 2, or during the month of April as a whole, will be tracked.	false
Drummer Travis Barker was found dead in his garage in November 2007.	false
Rapper Tupac Shakur, thought to have been killed in 1996, has come out of hiding.	false
Congress has approved special insurance dividend payments for veterans.	false
Forwarding a certain e-mail to a specified number of your friends will cause a cool video to spring to life on your monitor or win cash for you.	false
Actor Christopher Walken is planning on making a bid for the U.S. presidency in 2008.	false
WalMart has announced they will no longer accept EBT transactions as a form of payment.	false
Country music legend Willie Nelson has died.	false
YouTube is shutting down and will no longer be accepting video submissions.	false
CFL bulbs pose a significant fire risk with ordinary use.	false
A Crayola crayon can be used as a candle in an emergency.	true
Pouring club soda on a fire ant mound will kill the colony.	false
Gel candles can explode, posing a greater-than-usual fire and injury hazard.	true
Glade PlugIns brand air fresheners have been proved a significant fire hazard.	false
Some hotels do not properly wash and sterilize the drinking glasses placed in guest rooms.	true
Boxes of aluminum foil commonly include lock tabs to help hold the rolls in place.	true
A mattress will double in weight after 10 years due to the accumulation of debris and dust mite droppings.	false
Lemon Fresh Joy (a dishwashing liquid), Listerine (a mouthwash), and limes with cloves will repeal mosquitoes or knock them dead from the sky.	false
Document pictures employee whose hands caught on fire when he lit a cigarette after using a hand sanitizer product.	false
The ingredient sodium lauryl sulfate poses a significant cancer risk to shampoo users.	false
Ordinary use of waterproof sunscreen can cause blindness.	false
E-mail warns that buying mulch from major home improvement stores will spread the Formosan subterranean termite.	false
Some dollar stores sell expired and foreign, non-ADA-standard formulations of toothpaste.	true
The colored squares on toothpaste tubes identify the composition of the toothpaste enclosed therein.	false
100 Facebook "shares" will secure a heart transplant for a child.	false
Facebook will donate $1 for treatment of a girl with a severely distended abdomen every time her picture is shared.	false
Forwarding an e-mail message will help Amy Bruce, a 7-year-old girl dying of lung cancer and a brain tumor.	false
AOL and ZDNet are donating 32 to the care of Rachel Arlington, a child with brain cancer in need of an operation her parents can't afford, for every e-mail forwarded.	false
Facebook is donating $1 per share to a medical fund for a baby born with his heart outside his body.	false
A billionaire has promised 5 per e-mail forward towards defraying the medical costs incurred by the family of Jermaine Beerman, a child injured in an automobile accident.	false
For every copy of the "Solidaridad Con Brian" e-mail forwarded to someone else, various ISPs will donate 1 towards a child's heart transplant.	false
The Make-a-Wish Foundation will donate 7 per per e-mail forward towards the care of 7-year-old Chad Briody, who is dying of lung cancer and a brain tumor.	false
For every forwarded copy of an e-mail received, the American Cancer Society will donate three cents to cancer research.	false
Facebook will pay 3 cents towards helping a child with cancer every time an appeal for help is shared.	false
Facebook and CNN are contributing money towards the treatment of a girl born with fused legs every time a message is shared.	false
Poem and picture document a child abuse victim.	false
The Make-a-Wish Foundation will donate 7 per per e-mail forward towards the care of 23-year-old Matt Dawson, who is dying of lung cancer and a brain tumor.	false
Verizon Wireless will donate $1 towards the care of Bruce Delburg, a infant suffering from lung cancer, every time a text message is sent to seven people.	false
Dell Hospital will contribute money towards the medical care of a 5-year-old rape victim every time a message is shared.	false
"Facebook companies" are contributing money towards the medical care of a 9-year-old rape victim every time a message is shared.	false
Every time a particular text message is forwarded, the phone company will donate $2 towards a heart transplant for an unnamed baby girl.	false
A billionaire has promised 5 per e-mail forward to help Jada, a premature baby who requires expensive medical care.	false
Mother seeks medical help for her son, 10-year-old Kaleb Owens, a boy in a minimally conscious state.	true
A badly-burned Polish girl will receive $3 towards her medical care every time her photo is shared on Facebook.	false
The mother of 16-year-old leukemia patient Anthony Lyons created a 'Doggies for Anthony' Facebook event to help the teen cope with his chemotherapy between therapy dog visits.	true
McDonald's and Pizza Hut will donate $1 towards the medical care of Justin Mallory, a 12-year-old epileptic, for every e-mail forwarded.	false
Dell Hospital will donate 15 towards the care of Maria, a raped child, every time a particular text message is forwarded.	false
A 7-year-old girl named Jessica Mydek is dying of cancer, and the American Cancer Society will donate three cents to cancer research every time a message about her is forwarded.	false
AOL will donate 5 per e-mail forward to help Natalie, a baby girl afflicted with brain cancer.	false
Christmas cards are requested for Nathan Norman, a 5-year-old Virginia boy with cancer.	true
A little boy named Anthony Parkin, dying of leukemia, sent a message out on the Internet asking people to keep forwarding it so that some small part of him would live forever.	false
BCC Inc. will donate 5 per e-mail forward to help Kalin Relek, a little boy injured in a car accident. Or perhaps they're helping Fatima Hafeez, another fictitious child injured in precisely the same accident in another city.	false
Three businesses stand poised to help Savannah Foraker, a child dying of a blood disease, to the tune of 5 per e-mail forward.	false
E-mail memorializes the shaken baby death of 3-month-old London Marie Sherwood.	true
Every time a particular message is shared, a company will donate money towards the medical care of a 14-year-old boy shot by his stepfather while he was defending his 2-year-old sister from rape.	false
AOL is donating 15 for every 12 forwards of a plea from Debbie Shwartz, a single mother of four.	false
A terminally ill girl wrote a poem entitled "Slow Dance."	false
CNN and Facebook are donating $1 per like to fund surgery for a boy with a massive tumor.	false
Facebook and CNN are contributing money towards the medical care an infant car accident victim every time a message is shared.	false
AOL is reducing by $2 per e-mail forward the hospital bill of a little girl badly burned in a fire at a Wal-Mart.	false
The Make-a-Wish Foundation will donate 7 per per e-mail forward towards the care of 21-year-old Bryan Warner, who is dying of lung cancer and a brain tumor.	false
A 21-year-old named Shumila Ahmed is missing.	false
17-month-old Stephanie Alsbrook is missing.	false
A 13-year-old Philadelphia girl named Ashley Flores is missing.	false
A girl named Bella Marie Lamb has been kidnapped from her Columbia, TN, home.	false
A teenage girl named Asha Degree is missing from her North Carolina home.	true
A 2-year-old boy named Trenton Duckett is missing from his Leesburg, Florida, home.	true
An Amber Alert was issued for three-year-old girl taken by man in a grey car.	false
An Amber Alert was issued for a three-year-old boy taken by a man in a 2006 Mitsubishi Eclipse.	false
A one-year-old girl named Gabrielle Dahm is missing from her home in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida.	true
A boy named Kyron Horman is missing from his Portland, Oregon home.	true
A four-year-old boy named Jeremiah is missing from his Nashville-area home.	false
A 5-year-old girl named Kelsey Brooke Jones is missing from her Minnesota home.	false
A 15-year-old girl named Sierra LaMar is missing from her California home.	true
A 13-year-old girl named Carissa Malanitch is missing.	false
A four-year-old British girl named Madeleine McCann is missing from a Portuguese vacation resort.	true
A 5-year-old boy named Christopher John Mineo is missing from his New York home.	false
A 9-year-old girl named Penny Brown is missing.	false
A 17-year-old girl named Yohana Ravelo is missing.	false
Reachelle Marie Smith is missing from her Minot, North Dakota, home.	true
The AMBER Alert system has been discontinued due to the federal government shutdown.	false
A 14-year-old girl named Shy'ann Michelle Renee Wells is missing from her California home.	true
A 15-year-old boy named Evan Trembley is missing.	false
A three-year-old boy named William Tyrell is missing from his New South Wales, Australia, home.	true
Aldi is giving away $100 grocery coupons to Facebook users.	false
Amazon is giving out free $200 gift cards to Facebook users.	false
Apple is selling brand new iPhone 6S units for $1 each.	false
Applebee's restaurants are giving away $50 gift certificates to customers who forward an e-mail message.	false
You can win a new Audi, Mercedes, Range Rover, Camaro, or other car by liking a Facebook page or post and sharing it with friends.	false
Baskin-Robbins outlets will be offering free ice cream to pregnant women on 21 May 2008.	true
An Internet-circulated coupon is good for a free bottle of Bertolli Olive Oil of up to 34 oz.	false
Best Buy is distributing free $1,000 gift cards to users who click an online link.	false
You can receive any of the following rewards from various companies by simply forwarding an e-mail message or clicking a share link: $5,000 cash from Bill Gates/Microsoft Free merchandise from Nike Free trip for two to Walt Disney World or $5,000 cash from Disney Free clothing from the GAP Free computers from IBM $25 gift certificates from Abercrombie & Fitch $25 gift certificates from Old Navy $50 gift certificates from J. Crew Free cases of M&Ms from Mars $25 gift certificates from Outback Steakhouse Free cars from Honda $50 gift certificates from Bath & Body Works Free CDs from Columbia House Free cases of soda from Coca-Cola Cash from AOL Time Warner Cash from EMI Free cell phones from Nokia Free cell phones from Ericsson $50 gift certificates from Victoria's Secret Cash from the Newell Co. Cash from RH Power Inc. $50 gift certificates from Cracker Barrel Free champagne from Veuve-Clicquot $50 gift certificates from Applebee's Cash from Bill Gates 60 vouchers from Sainsbury's PlayStation consoles from Sony Air travel from Delta Air Lines Free laptop computers from Ericsson Free merchandise vouchers from Marks & Spencer Free cell phones from Blackberry	false
On-line coupon can be redeemed for free movie rentals, popcorn, and sodas at Blockbuster outlets.	false
BMW is giving away free cars on Facebook.	false
Boston Market is offering coupons good for a $1 chicken meal.	true
British Airways is offering free round-trip travel to London to those who forward an e-mail message to 10 other people.	false
A brothel in Nevada is offering free sex to U.S. troops returning from Iraq.	true
Burger King is offering free food vouchers for inviting friends on Facebook.	false
Credit card users may be eligible for refunds of $25 or more from the settlement of a class action suit over foreign currency conversions.	true
Forwarding a text message to ten other people will get you a $60.00 or $160 credit on your cell phone bill.	false
Free $100 Cheesecake Factory gift cards for all Facebook users.	false
Chipotle is offering "100% free food" through 20 March 2014 via an online coupon.	false
conEdison is reimbursing its customers up to $350 in compensation for food spoiled during the August 2003 blackout.	false
Cosmetics manufacturers will be giving away free product in settlement of a class-action lawsuit.	true
Costco is giving out free $200 gift cards to Facebook users.	false
An Internet-distributed coupon can be redeemed at any participating Starbucks outlet for a free Cr me Frappuccino drink.	false
You can get free air travel on Delta Air Lines for forwarding an e-mail message to your friends.	false
Disney is giving away free theme park tickets to Facebook users.	false
Internet-circulated coupons can be redeemed for free bags of Doritos brand tortilla chips.	false
Krispy Kreme outlets will be giving away free doughnuts on 3 June 2005.	true
Dr Pepper is giving away coupons for free soda in conjunction with the release of Guns N' Roses' Chinese Democracy album.	true
Dunkin' Donuts outlets are giving away free iced coffees on 21 March 2007.	true
The e.l.f. brand of cosmetics has been bought up by a major department store chain and is offering its remaining inventory at $1 per item in anticipation of rebranding.	false
Consumers can receive free laptop computers from Ericsson (or Dell) for forwarding an e-mail message to eight friends.	false
The phone number 1-800-FREE-411 offers free directory assistance service.	true
Web site offers coupon good for free gasoline.	false
Ben & Jerry's outlets are offering free ice cream on 8 April 2014.	true
On 30 July 2008, The Cheesecake Factory restaurants will be selling cheesecake for $1.50 per slice.	true
The state of Texas offers free towing services to stranded motorists.	false
Forwarding an Internet chain letter will get you listed in The Guinness Book of World Records.	false
Home Depot is giving out $200 coupons to Facebook users.	false
The In-N-Out hamburger chain will be offering price rollbacks as part of a 60th anniversary promotion.	false
Forwarding an Internet chain letter will earn you scads of cash from IWon.com.	false
On-line coupon can be redeemed for a free smoothie at Jamba Juice outlets.	true
JetBlue is giving away two free air tickets to Facebook users.	false
KFC is giving away free Popcorn Chicken on 20 June 2002.	true
You can receive a $100 Kohl's gift card by following three simple steps on Facebook.	false
Kroger is giving away $100 grocery coupons to Facebook users.	false
Long John Silver's restaurants will be giving away free Giant Shrimp on 10 May 2004.	true
Lowes is giving out $100 coupons to Facebook users.	false
Macy's is giving out $200 gift cards to users who follow three simple steps on Facebook.	false
Marks & Spencer are giving away free merchandise vouchers in partnership with Persimmon Homes.	false
Facebook users can receive a $5,000 cash reward from Bill Gates for clicking a share link.	false
Facebook users can receive a $5,000 cash reward from Bill Gates for clicking a share link.	false
The USPS provides free Priority Mail shipping supplies for customers sending packages to U.S. military personnel overseas.	true
Miller is giving away 2 million free cases of beer to those who forward an e-mail message from them.	false
Netflix is notifying customers of a class action lawsuit settlement via e-mail.	true
Lottery winners are sharing their fortunes with social media users.	false
Olive Garden restaurants are offering free $500 gift cards for fans who sign up through its Facebook site.	false
IHOP restaurants are offering free pancakes on National Pancake Day.	true
Panda Express will be celebrating its 15th anniversary by offering discounted and free food on 19 November 2008.	false
An Internet-circulated coupon is good for a free pastry at Starbucks outlets on 23 March 2010.	true
PayPal customers can claim a share of a class action lawsuit settlement.	true
A Facebook page is giving away hundreds of PlayStation 4 or PlayStation 5 consoles because they have been unsealed and cannot be sold.	false
Publix is giving away $100 grocery coupons to Facebook users.	false
Publix is giving away $100 grocery coupons to Facebook users.	false
An Internet-distributed coupon can be redeemed at Red Robin restaurants for a free hamburger and sundae.	false
McDonald's is distributing an Internet-circulated coupon redeemable for a free Premium Salad at McDonald's restaurants.	false
Internet users can receive free Sony PlayStation consoles for forwarding an e-mail message to their friends.	false
Southwest Airlines is giving away free air travel tickets to those who follow online links.	false
Southwest Airlines provides free air travel to those who have AIDS or herpes.	false
Starbucks issued 'My Favorite Way to Cool Down This Summer' coupons via e-mail.	false
Free Starbucks $50 or $100 gift cards.	false
In memory of Steve Jobs: free iPads, iPhones or MacBooks.	false
The Subway chain of sandwich shops is offering free gift cards to those who participate in a market research program.	false
Consumers can get a coupon for a free Swiffer Wet Jet mop by calling an automated phone number.	false
Target is distributing free $500 vouchers or $1000 gift cards to users who click an online link.	false
A $100 Target coupon circulated via Facebook is real.	false
To celebrate its birthday, Tim Hortons chain of donut shops is giving away free gift cards.	false
The TOGO's restaurant chain is giving away free sandwiches on Wednesday, 20 June 2001.	true
Toms Shoes is giving away free merchandise to Facebook users.	false
UGGs is giving away free pairs of boots to Facebook users.	false
Two Internet-circulated coupons can be redeemed for free Velveeta and Reynolds Wrap products.	false
Restaurant chains are offering free meals to U.S. military personnel in conjunction with Veterans Day.	true
Walmart is distributing free $100 or $1,000 gift cards to users who click an online link.	false
An Internet-circulated coupon can be redeemed for a free hamburger and soft drink at Wendy's restaurants.	false
Prize Bounty is giving away free Xbox systems.	false
A Las Vegas business has conducted "hunts" of naked women by paying customers armed with paintball guns.	false
Texas governor George W. Bush "refused to sell his home to blacks."	false
A United States Geological Survey mapmaker was fired for posting a map on the WWW showing that caribou breeding grounds fall in area of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge which the Bush administration wants to open to oil exploration.	false
The Golden Corral restaurant in Tyler, Texas, displayed a sign bearing the legend "Bless America."	true
Dell Computer cancelled an order placed by Weigand Combat Handguns because the company name triggered a security alert.	true
A Middle Eastern advertisement created by Coca-Cola depicts the Coke logo emblazoned on the Dome of the Rock.	false
The FCC is considering modifying its indecency policies regarding the use of profanity and non-sexual nudity on radio and television.	true
A company known as FCUK is promoting their fragrance with a "scent to bed" advertising campaign.	true
Fuji stores are distributing complimentary world maps that omit Israel.	false
Wal-Mart is selling globes with Israel labelled as 'Palestine.'	false
Insurance and financial services company John Hancock is considering pulling a controversial television commercial scheduled to air during the Olympics thanks to right wing protests challenging its lesbian motherhood theme.	false
The Los Angeles Times ran a political cartoon that depicts a Muslim and a Jew praying at a wall featuring the word "hate" in large letters.	true
The United States Postal Service is discontinuing the "Black Heritage" series of stamps and destroying the remaining stock.	false
The United States Postal Service's new "I Have a Dream" stamp honoring Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. will be discontinued and recalled if not enough postal customers purchase them.	false
Some celebrities promised to leave the USA if George W. Bush won the 2000 presidential election.	true
The County of Los Angeles has requested that equipment vendors avoid using the industry term "Master/Slave" in product descriptions and labeling.	true
Not buying American Terrorist , a book about Timothy McVeigh, will prevent the Oklahoma City bomber from garnering additional publicity.	false
Comedian Dennis Miller is the author of an Internet-circulated "rant" about the Pledge of Allegiance.	true
Some Texas post offices were required to remove posters bearing the words "In God We Trust" from display.	true
During a trip to China and Vietnam, President Clinton altered long-standing naval regulations to allow the American flag to fly below that of Vietnam on a U.S. Navy ship.	false
Coca-Cola has announced that it will be donating four days' worth of income to Israel.	false
No Fear, Inc. a popular retailer, was confused with the National Organization for European American Rights (N.O.F.E.A.R.), a white supremacist organization.	true
Wal-Mart employees must pony up to buy flags, flagpoles, and floodlights, or else their stores have to do without American flag displays.	false
The web sites of German automobile manufacturers BMW and Mercedes-Benz both displayed maps of the Middle East which left Israel unidentified.	true
Olive Garden policy prohibits display of the U.S. flag.	true
A new video game calling for players to steal underwear from models has folks up in arms.	true
Actor Sean Penn published a letter to President George W. Bush in The Washington Post .	true
Principal Jody McLoud of Roane County High School in Kingston, Tennessee, delivered a controversial speech before a school football game.	true
The Orange County chapter of the American Red Cross declined to allow an invited musical troupe to performs songs such as "God Bless the USA" at an awards luncheon.	true
The state of Missouri named a stretch of highway adopted by the Ku Klux Klan the "Rosa Parks Highway."	true
A letter-writing Air Force veteran chides Clinton for stating that the "older generation must learn to sacrifice as other generationshave done."	false
During a recent MTV appearance, singer Shakira said she'd rather have pigs listening to her music than Israelis.	false
An upcoming film from director Steven Spielberg will document the current uprising in the West Bank from a pro-Palestinian point of view.	false
Sprint long distance service lists calls placed to Israel as having a destination of 'Palestine' on customers' bills in order to "court Arab business."	false
Arab/Islamic states consistently vote against the U.S. in the United Nations.	true
Wal-Mart is the target of a Planned Parenthood boycott because of its refusal to sell a "morning after" pill.	false
Fourteen black colleges are about to be closed.	false
Telemarketers are luring those who've signed up for the national "Do Not Call" list by getting them to request coupons for free products.	true
Regulations taking effect 10 February 2009 prohibit the sale of used children's products that have not been tested and certified as meeting new standards for lead and phthalate content.	false
The four major U.S. credit bureaus will be allowed to share your private information with anyone who requests it as of 1 July 2003 unless you specifically request them not to.	false
The federal government has established a national "Do Not Call" registry to stop calls from telemarketers.	true
The FCC plans to loosen its strictures against conglomerate ownership of media outlets.	true
Congress will be voting on a bill that would prohibit the use of affirmative action measures in admissions procedures at any colleges and universities that receive federal funding.	false
A moratorium on Internet taxation expires in 2007.	true
A bill currently before Congress (HR 219) would prevent Mexicans who worked in the USA illegally from claiming Social Security benefits.	false
Message lists legislation passed by the state of Oklahoma.	true
A bill passed by the Texas legislature will outlaw using a cell phone while operating a motor vehicle as of 1 September 2003.	false
Legislation guaranteeing blacks the right to vote in the USA will expire in 2007.	false
ABC bleeped the word 'Jesus' from a segment of The View .	true
A girl is going to have an abortion unless 500 e-signatures are gathered to persuade her otherwise.	false
Women in Afghanistan are subject to severe violations of basic human rights (but signing a petition isn't likely to help them).	true
Someone is in a race to collect the e-signatures of 300 people who believe in God before someone else collects 300 e-signatures from those who don't.	false
The Boy Scouts of America has lost some funding over its refusal to accept homosexuals within its ranks.	true
A California artist is collecting brassieres to use in constructing a giant Bra Ball.	true
The Brazilian Congress is about to vote on a bill that would reduce the size of the Amazon rain forest by 50%.	false
A 17-year-old Nigerian girl was publicly flogged for having engaged in premarital sex.	true
Closed captioning of television programs will end on 30 September 2001. After that date, only those who pay extra for the service will be able to use it.	false
Dame Edna advised a reader against learning Spanish in her satirical Vanity Fair column.	true
Signing a petition will help stop drunk driving.	false
Internet petitions contain embedded "tracker programs" that plant cookies on signers' computers and send their e-mail addresses to spammers.	false
Jesus will be portrayed as a homosexual in an upcoming film.	false
Google Earth is conducting a vote over whether to identify Israel or Palestine on its maps.	false
A rider appended to a Congressional bill will require that consumers obtain prescriptions before purchasing herbal remedies.	false
Ontario's Consumer Minister is looking to get the popular Molson beer commercial, Joe's Rant, banned from the airwaves because it upsets Americans.	false
Senator Joseph Lieberman authored an 'Open Letter to the French People,' expressing his contempt for French tolerance of anti-Semitism.	false
The collection of a million signatures on a petition will spur the Nobel Foundation into revoking the portion of the 1994 Nobel Peace Prize awarded to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	false
Due to a savage attack on a 12-year old cousin, a South African woman is gathering signatures to attempt to persuade her government to punish rapists more severely.	true
Bags of rice sent to President Eisenhower helped dissuade him from launching an attack against China.	false
A Marine named Shawn Vernon seeks help in locating a box of lost shirts.	true
Twenty-five Congresswomen staged a walkout during a vote on a resolution to authorize the use of military force against Iraq.	false
Yahoo! will begin charging for its previously-free POP e-mail service in April 2002.	true
Prayers are requested for Alanna, a 7-month-old Michigan girl who was badly burned in a bathtub.	true
Prayers are requested for Audri King, a 2-year-old Oklahoma girl battling cancer.	true
Prayers are requested for Heather Brown, who remains in a coma after giving birth to a son.	true
Grandmother requests prayers for Madison Marie Crowder, an infant girl suffering from pneumonia.	true
A baby girl named Delaney pulled a hot Fry Daddy onto herself, resulting in serious burns.	true
Prayers and cards are requested for Sgt. Kevin Downs, who was injured in Iraq.	true
Prayers are needed to help keep the world's smallest elephant alive.	false
An 11-year-old boy with a tumor in his neck from Hodgkin's Lymphoma needs prayers.	false
Prayers are needed for Mike Hutchinson, a missionary serving in Africa who inadvertently ran over a pedestrian and is now in danger of being hanged for the crime.	false
Prayers are requested for the LeBleu family, who lost four daughters in a house fire.	true
E-mail requests prayers for Matt Maupin, a U.S. soldier killed in Iraq.	true
Twenty-two missionaries (or missionary families) are about to be executed in Afghanistan.	false
Prayers are requested for an ailing 3-month-old child named Pacey Moore.	true
Prayers are requested for Tony Mullis, a 20-year-old soldier who lost his legs while serving in Afghanistan.	true
Prayers are requested for Youcef Nadarkhani, a Christian pastor who is facing execution in Iran.	true
A boy named Michael Novenche is undergoing chemotherapy to kill a brain tumor.	true
Prayers are requested for Karen Perry, who lost her three children in a Thanksgiving-eve plane crash.	true
Prayers are requsted for Lauren Renee Pingel, a three-year-old girl from Amarillo, Texas, who was injured in an automobile accident.	true
Prayers are needed for Christopher Hamrick, who was injured in a car accident in 2012.	true
Prayers are requested for Preston Loyd, a 4-year-old boy who was run over by a lawn mower.	true
Facebook user Joshua Sherwood's three-year-old nephew Kinith Massey was gravely injured in a car crash involving a drunk driver.	mostly true
Vicky Field is requesting prayers for her son Chad Snowden, a serviceman injured in Iraq.	true
Nestl has recalled some HOT POCKETS brand products due to possible contaminated beef issues.	true
Amazon.com is sending out notifications of canceled orders for non-existent books.	false
Best Buy needs you to submit your credit card information to confirm a possibly fraudulent transaction.	false
You can make money by learning the secrets of an organization known as the 'World Currency Cartel.'	false
A 15-year-old boy made $71,000 from a chain letter scheme.	false
Citibank is sending out messages asking customers to verify their e-mail addresses.	false
Citibank is sending out notices asking customers to log in and verify their accounts.	false
E-mail from lawyer gives good advice about preventive steps to protect against credit card theft.	true
Earthlink is sending out suspension notices via e-mail and asking subscribers to verify their credit card information.	false
Scam traps the unwary into giving up their AOL information by telling them roses have been ordered through 1-800-Flowers.	true
Gas stations are routinely imposing an extra $10 fee on credit card customers.	false
Video shows the deleterious results of using Head & Shoulders shampoo.	false
Con artists are circulating letters demanding the completion of fake IRS forms that would arm them with all the information necessary to steal the identities and empty the bank accounts of those who fall for this ruse.	true
Your credit card has been charged $234.65 for "laundry service."	false
A company called Send Money Now has charged $373.56 to your debit card.	false
As part of regular security maintenance, Paypal needs you to resubmit your credit card and bank account information.	false
The IRS is sending out unsolicited e-mail providing taxpayers with a web form to use to check on the status of their federal income tax returns and refunds.	false
Scammers are racking up hundreds of dollars per phone call by borrowing homeowners' phones and placing five-minute calls to expensive premium rate services.	false
Office workers in the United Kingdom are being conned into revealing their home addresses, leading to their houses being burgled during the day.	false
You can make up to $75 per hour processing refunds for FedEx and UPS.	false
Raspberry Ultra Drops have been vetted by Fox News and endorsed by Dr. Oz.	false
Gemma Brown is collecting spam and chain e-mails for a university study.	false
A teacher wants you to add your name to a growing list of first names for a school science project.	false
An Indian woman gave birth to eleven baby boys all at once.	false
List collects comments made in the year 1955.	false
A girl named Laura Buxton released a balloon that ended up in the hands of another girl named Laura Buxton 140 miles away.	mostly true
The Dalai Lama created a personality test.	false
Dollar disappears during motel transaction.	false
August 2015 will include five Saturdays, five Sundays, and five Mondays, a phenomenon that occurs only once every 800+ years.	false
Text reproduces a "personality test" advocated by Dr. Phil.	false
The ocean liner QE2 uses a gallon of fuel for every six inches she travels.	false
A particular college course of study was labeled "the toughest" by the Guinness Book of World Records.	false
Adam Sandler accurately predicted several major tragedies via cryptic, one-line remarks in his movies and TV appearances.	false
An Oklahoma woman was beheaded in an attack at her workplace.	true
Busch Gardens has altered its Halloween programming to remove decapitated props after recent ISIS beheadings traumatized potential attendees.	true
Reporter Charlo Greene uttered a profanity and resigned live on air to devote herself full-time to legalizing marijuana.	true
7th Heaven star Stephen Collins has committed suicide.	false
A man in California abducted his girlfriend's corpse from the morgue, took a selfie, and posted it to social media sites.	false
The Centers For Disease Control confirmed that a patient in Dallas has tested positive for Ebola.	true
The U.S. Forest Service is proposing new rules that would require permits for commercial filming and photography in federally designated wilderness areas.	true
Police officers in Ferguson, Missouri, have been spotted wearing wristbands that read "I am Darren Wilson."	true
The first iPhone 6 buyer in Australia dropped his new gadget immediately afterwards on live TV.	true
The iPhone 6 Plus will bend easily if placed in a pocket.	mostly false
McDonald's Halloween Happy Meals will contain Ouija boards this year.	false
The Nobel Committee has expressed regret for awarding the 2009 Peace Prize to President Obama.	false
Two Portland, Oregon, police officers followed up on a pizza delivery after the delivery driver crashed his car.	true
The FBI has revealed that no murders occurred in Newtown, Connecticut in 2012, inadvertently admitting that the Sandy Hook massacre was an elaborate hoax.	false
Starbucks is testing a new "beer latte," designed to mimic the distinctive flavor profile of Guinness.	true
A man was stopped at the U.S.-Canadian border with more than 50 turtles under his pants.	true
Urban Outfitters offered an item appearing to be a bloodstained Kent State sweatshirt for sale.	true
A nine-year-old girl accidentally shot and killed a shooting instructor with an Uzi at a gun range in Arizona.	true
A mother-daughter lesbian couple named Vertasha and Mary seek acceptance of their taboo romance.	false
Image depicts injuries suffered by Ferguson, Missouri, police officer Darren Wilson following an altercation with shooting victim Mike Brown.	false
A TV reporter covering the story of a missing boy found the child, who had been hiding in nearby bushes.	true
Photograph shows a deadly snow snake.	false
A New York artist named Lana Newstrom creates and sells "invisible art."	false
ISIS has issued a fatwa to kill American puppies.	false
A leaked photograph shows refugees in Germany displaying an ISIS flag while fighting with police in mid-2015.	false
Students at a middle school in Tennessee had to transcribe a portion of the Shahada."	true
The actor who played Jake in commercials for State Farm insurance was murdered by his wife.	false
One of the Jalal Brothers was shot while filming a prank video.	false
Photographs show James Dean and Marilyn Monroe together.	false
Actor James Earl Jones passed away in August 2015.	false
An infant named Ember Graham is missing from her Happy Valley, California, home.	true
A hedge fund manager named Jared Price won the $1.6 billion Powerball lottery.	false
A DNA test confirmed that actor Bryshere Y. Gray is the biological son of rap mogul Jay-Z.	false
Facebook users can get a $100 JCPenney coupon for liking and sharing a post.	false
Jennifer Aniston is collecting Facebook likes in order to facilitate a reunion of the TV show Friends.	false
Jennifer Aniston once reconnected a homeless 15-year-old single mother with her parents.	false
A photograph shows a pilot taking a selfie over a football stadium.	false
A video shows two men with jet packs flying alongside an Airbus 380 airliner.	true
Jimmy Carter said that medical marijuana cured his cancer.	false
Vice President Joe Biden said that 'no ordinary American cares about their constitutional rights.'	false
Vice President Joe Biden said that the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor.	false
Former boy band member Joey Fatone wrote an open letter to One Direction.	false
Powerball winners John and Lisa are giving away money on Facebook.	false
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry hide a close familial connection to an Iranian official with whom he negotiated a nuclear deal.	false
There have been more than 1.1 million gun-related deaths in the U.S. since John Lennon was killed on 8 December 1980.	true
A sign outside John Pearl Elementary warns potential school shooters that teachers are armed.	false
Johnson & Johnson admitted their products contain "cancer-causing formaldehyde" in August 2015.	mostly false
An official movie poster shows Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson as the cartoon character Johnny Bravo.	false
Judy Carne of Laugh-In fame died in September 2015.	true
A photograph depicts a protester holding a sign demanding "Justise 4 Trayvon."	false
Debit cards issued to Hurricane Katrina evacuees have been used to purchase luxury or entertainment items.	true
Evacuees from Louisiana, Mississippi, or Alabama can get two months' of food stamps and free gasoline from the Texas DHHS by showing their driver's licenses.	false
Disaster survivor gives mistaken answer to an interviewer's question about the loss of churches in her area.	false
Photograph shows bus caught in New Orleans flood waters displaying humorous sign.	false
Advertisement for Heineken beer employs New Orleans "looter" imagery.	false
Crude 'funny name' appears on Hurricane Katrina survivor list.	true
The week after Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf Coast, the game show The Price Is Right aired an episode offering contestants a trip to New Orleans as a prize.	true
Dispatch from a physician describes conditions in New Orleans in the days immediately following Hurricane Katrina.	true
Katrina evacuees verbally abused volunteers and trashed a rest stop in Waskom, TX.	false
Hurricane Katrina evacuees brought to Utah arrived bearing drugs and guns and immediately proceeded to sell drugs, attempt rapes, and rebuild street gangs.	false
Photograph shows school buses caught in a flooded New Orleans parking lot.	true
News agency photo shows Hurricane Katrina evacuee's valid debit card number.	true
Television news screen shot captures President Bush with an inadvertently humorous caption.	true
Photograph shows dogs evacuated from the Gulf region after Hurricane Katrina.	true
Photograph shows gas station sign advertising premium gasoline for $6.07 per gallon.	true
Photograph captions describe a black man "looting" and a white couple "finding" supplies in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.	true
Police speed camera photograph shows car blown at 133 MPH by Hurricane Katrina.	false
Photograph shows a storm surge created by Hurricane Katrina.	true
Louisiana governor Kathleen Blanco refused President Bush's pleas to declare an emergency before Hurricane Katrina struck.	false
The mayor of New Orleans turned down an offer for the city to make $5 million on the removal of vehicles wrecked by Hurricane Katrina and instead opted for plan that would have cost the city $23 million.	true
Kanye West has been dropped as a Pepsi spokesman because of his criticism of the handling of Hurricane Katrina disaster efforts and news coverage.	false
Condoleezza Rice shopped for expensive shoes during Hurricane Katrina.	true
A National Geographic article foretold the flood that devastated New Orleans.	true
President George W. Bush cited actor Bob Denver as his role model.	false
New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin created a phantom force of 700 "virtual policemen."	false
Pat Robertson said that Hurricane Katrina was caused by God's anger over the selection of lesbian comedienne Ellen Degeneres to host the upcoming Emmy Awards.	false
Activist Cindy Sheehan's other son was killed while working to shore up a levee in New Orleans.	false
E-mail reproduces Ben Stein's defense of President Bush's actions in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.	true
Comedian George Carlin wrote a list of "Hurricane Rules."	false
E-mail reproduces open letter from Michael Moore to President Bush regarding Hurricane Katrina.	true
E-mail reproduces Rev. Jesse Lee Peterson's editorial critical of New Orleans blacks and their "moral poverty."	true
North Dakotans weathered a severe blizzard in 2005 without requesting assistance from the federal government.	false
Canadian columnist David Warren penned article in support of President Bush's handling of Katrina disaster relief efforts.	true
Keanu Reeves posted a message on his personal Facebook page about the difficulties he has overcome in life.	false
Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards passed away in January 2016.	false
A mandatory gun ownership law in Kennesaw, Georgia, caused the town's crime rate to plummet.	mostly false
Kim Davis was awarded the "prestigious 'ISIS Courage Award' for adhering to Sharia Law."	false
Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis, who refused to issue any marriage licenses after the June 2015 U.S. Supreme Court marriage equality decision, has herself been married four times.	true
A photograph shows 100,000 people at a prayer rally for Kim Davis in Peru.	false
A man sued his bride immediately after their wedding for deceiving him by wearing makeup.	false
Kohl's is giving Facebook users a coupon for 50 percent off any purchase for liking and sharing a status.	false
A photograph shows a "crisis actor" pretending to be shot on the floor of a grocery store.	false
A "real-life Dr. Frankenstein" announced the birth of the first "lab grown baby."	false
Scientists have discovered whales living in Lake Michigan.	false
Photographs show power transmission lines in the shape of "metal giants" in Iceland.	false
The word 'cabal' is an acronym formed from the names of five ministers to Charles II.	false
The slang police term 'cop' derives from an acronym for the phrase 'constable on patrol.'	false
The word "palindrome" is a palindrome because the word "emordnilap" is a real word one can find in the dictionary.	false
The word 'fuck' derives from an acronymic phrase, either 'For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge' or 'Fornication Under Consent of the King.'	false
The word 'golf' is an acronym formed from "gentlemen only; ladies forbidden."	false
The word news is an acronym formed from the words n orth, e ast, w est, and s outh.	false
Phat originated as an acronym formed from the phrase "Pretty Hot and Tempting."	false
"Pommy" (or "pom"), a slang term for a British person, comes from the acronym POHM, which was used to designate a "Prisoner of His Majesty."	false
Posh entered the language as a shortening of "Port Out, Starboard Home."	false
The word "shit" comes from an acronym for "Ship High in Transit."	false
The word swag began in the 1960s as an acronym for "Secretly we are gay."	false
The word "tip" comes from an acronym for "To Insure Promptness" or "To Insure Performance."	false
The word "emordnilap" is a real word commonly found in dictionaries.	false
A proposal to make German the official language of the United States of America was defeated in Congress by one vote.	false
The 'middle finger salute' is derived from the defiant gestures of English archers whose fingers had been severed by the French at the Battle of Agincourt.	false
The word "blackmail" came about because it referenced letters of extortion sent via mail.	false
American "blue laws" were so named because they were originally printed on blue paper.	false
The White House obtained its name because it was repainted white after the British burned it in 1814.	false
Actress Audrey Hepburn authored a pithy list of beauty tips.	false
A government memo regulating the sale of cabbages ran close to 27,000 words.	false
A list of "Communist Rules for Revolution" was discovered by Allied forces in Germany in 1919.	false
Applicant with lengthy arrest record successfully disputes being rejected for a job by the District of Columbia's public school system.	true
The famous poem Desiderata was discovered in a church in 1692.	false
In his book Earth in the Balance , Senator Al Gore wrote that Christians are a "blight on the environment" and that "to believe in Bible prophecy is unforgivable."	false
A transportation magazine ran a "Guide to Hiring Women" article in 1943.	true
Mitchell Kaye, a Georgia state representative, penned the "Bill of No Rights."	false
A Texas farmer named Herman Oberweiss filed an unusual, self-penned will in 1934.	false
A 1940s report on school discipline problems cited gum-chewing, littering and making noise in class as the most worrisome problems then faced by educators.	false
Submarine commander issues archly humorous letter when his requisition for toilet paper is cancelled.	true
George Washington told of an angel who revealed a prophetic vision of America to him at Valley Forge.	false
The protocol followed by some stores when a child is reported missing is called "Code Adam" after 6-year-old Adam Walsh, who was abducted and murdered in 1981.	true
Coffee is sometimes referred to as a "cup of joe" because of Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels.	false
The settlement of a wrongful death suit compelled the U.S. Post Office to mail for free any letters with "Frank" inscribed in the space where the stamp would otherwise go.	false
Dr. Joseph Guillotin invented the guillotine and was later executed with one of those machines.	false
The greeting "Hello" entered the language because it was the surname of Alexander Graham Bell's girlfriend.	false
The "real McCoy" refers to a type of automatic oiler invented by a black man.	false
The term "hoity-toity" comes from the French words haut toit , meaning "high roof."	false
The book Go Ask Alice was the real-life diary of a teenage girl.	false
A poem by Maya Angelou enumerates a list of things a woman should have.	false
Ernest Hemingway once won a bet by crafting a six-word short story.	false
The author of Alice in Wonderland sent an admiring Queen Victoria a copy of one of his mathematics texts.	false
Bram Stoker's novel Dracula features a titular vampire who cannot expose himself to sunlight and is killed with a wooden stake.	false
Dr. Seuss wrote Green Eggs and Ham after being challenged by his editor to produce a book using fewer than fifty different words.	true
The nursery rhyme 'Ring Around the Rosie' is a coded reference to the Black Plague.	false
The serenity prayer was authored by St. Augustine.	false
Authors Dr. Seuss and Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. were college classmates and fraternity brothers.	false
Dr. Seuss once wrote a children's book since banned due to its references to suicide and violence.	false
President John F. Kennedy called himself a jelly donut in his famous 1963 speech in Berlin, Germany.	false
The comic strip Peanuts was renamed Radishes in some international newspapers because locals were not familiar with real peanuts.	false
The title of the John Steinbeck novel The Grapes of Wrath was published in a Japanese translation bearing the title The Angry Raisins .	false
Cinderella's slippers were made of fur in the original versions of the fairy tale, but they became glass slippers in later versions as the result of a mistranslation.	false
A misinterpretation of Napoleon's complaint about his cough resulted in the unintended slaying of 1,200 prisoners.	false
A person who gets what he deserves is said to have received his "just desserts."	false
Strawberries are so named because they are bedded in straw.	false
The use of the word "buck" as a slang term for "dollar" derives from a reference to black male slaves.	false
Crowbars are so named because they were devices used to perform menial labor assigned to blacks.	false
The word handicap comes from 'cap in hand' and refers to the physically disabled's need to subsist as beggars.	false
The word 'picnic' originated with crowds gathering to witness lynchings.	false
The numerous current sayings listed in a "Life in the 1500s" article sprang from ordinary living conditions in that era.	false
"Always a bridesmaid but never a bride" originated with an advertising campaign for mouthwash.	true
To "let the cat out of the bag" comes from cats being sold as pigs or sailors being whipped for transgressions.	false
Quitting "cold turkey" results in the skins of addicts in withdrawal resembling that of plucked turkeys, hence the origin of the term.	false
The exclamation 'Holy smoke' derives from the burning of the ballots used to elect a Pope.	false
The phrase "another kick at the cat" began with someone who had it in for housecats.	false
"Little History Lesson" article accurately explains origins of many common phrases.	false
The phrase "the whole nine yards" began as a reference to the contents a cement mixer.	false
Barkeepers kept track of patrons' tabs by chalking p's and q's on the wall (for pints and quarts), hence the admonishment to "mind your p's and q's."	false
The phrase "salad days" was coined by William Shakespeare.	true
"Let me put in my two cents" gained its linguistic origin thanks to the game of poker.	false
The phrases One for the road and On the wagon derive from the offer of a last drink to a condemned prisoner.	false
The city of Yreka, California, was named for a backwards bakery sign.	false
The English language has at least one nine-letter word that remains a valid word as each of its letters is successively removed.	true
Three common words in the English language end with '-gry.'	false
The term '420' entered drug parlance as a term signifying the time to light up a joint.	true
"Brass monkeys" were small brass plates used to hold cannonballs on the decks of sailing ships.	false
The word gringo came from Mexicans' overhearing American soldiers sing the song "Green Grow the Lilacs" during the Mexican-American War.	false
The term "hot dog" was coined in the early 1900s by a cartoonist who couldn't spell "dachshund."	false
Pumpernickel bread is so named because a Frenchman derisively declared it was fit only for his horse, Nicol. (" C'est du pain pour Nicol .")	false
The cut of steak known as "sirloin" is so named because an English king once knighted a piece of beef.	false
Photographs depict muscular, healthy young men entering the United States as refugees from Syria in 2015.	false
The legal drinking age has been raised to 23.	false
Former Los Angeles Lakers coach Pat Riley obtained a trademark for the term "three-peat."	true
Camel-hunting is specifically prohibited by law in Arizona.	false
Picking bluebonnets is illegal in Texas.	false
A misplaced comma deprived the U.S. government of an estimated $1 million in revenues.	true
The Texas legislature once passed a resolution honoring the Boston Strangler.	true
A federal law prohibits U.S. citizens from having contact with extraterrestrial beings.	false
The magnitude of the 17 January 1994 Northridge earthquake was deliberately under-reported in order to spare the government from having to pay out emergency relief funds.	false
Invited houseguests cannot be required to leave a home thanks to the "grandfather clause."	false
The court declaration given by the 13-year-old boy Michael Jackson allegedly molested in 1993 has surfaced.	true
Kentucky is planning the "purchase of a submarine to patrol the waters of the Commonwealth and search and destroy all casino riverboats."	false
Six outrageous-but-real lawsuits showcase the need for tort reform.	false
Law students failed their California bar exams because they stopped to assist a stricken classmate.	false
Someone who has taken LSD more than seven times is automatically deemed legally insane.	false
A truck's cargo of road signs revealed a government plot to impose martial law.	false
California law requires all state residents to obtain hunting licenses before setting mousetraps.	false
U.S. postage stamps may not be resold for a price greater than their face value.	false
Sending cash through the U.S. mail is illegal.	false
Deep in the heart of Australia, the self-proclaimed Prince Leonard of Hutt River rules over his self-proclaimed principality.	true
Citing "code 431.322.12 of the Internet Privacy Act" protects web site operators from prosecution.	false
Red Bull lost a $13 million lawsuit after promising that its customers would grow wings.	false
If the first attempt to execute a condemned prisoner fails, he is legally entitled to go free.	false
During Dan White's murder trial, his defense lawyer successfully argued that White's judgment had been impaired due to his consumption of Twinkies and other junk foods.	false
Levi's jeans' famous "two horse" logo represents a slave's being killed.	false
A photograph shows Abraham posing with author Edgar Allan Poe.	false
Lindsey Graham badmouthed the Republican Party after suspending his 2016 presidential campaign.	false
Long Island Railroad (LIRR) crew and police discovered a terrorist "dry run" on a train out of Penn Station.	false
Facebook removed an image of "Little Timmy" saluting the United States flag because "non-Americans" found it offensive.	false
A video shows a real working hoverboard in operation in London.	false
John Hagee, founder of the Cornerstone Church, wants to prosecute women for saying God's name during intercourse.	false
A lottery winner died after attempting to gold-plate his testicles.	false
Louis Farrakhan said that "if the federal government will not intercede in our affairs, then we must rise up and kill those who kill us."	true
Woman takes revenge on her cheating husband by advertising his infidelities on a billboard.	false
E-mailed synopsis of date reveals unsavory aspects of reviewer's personality.	true
A thirsty gal unwittingly drinks down the contact lenses her paramour had left in a bedside glass of water.	true
A girl freezes her naked ass to her date's car on their first (and last) date.	false
January is the "break-up" month for couples.	true
Woman takes revenge on her cheating husband by advertising his infidelities on a billboard.	false
A man listed a wedding gown on eBay via a hilarious offer of sale that included photos of him posing in the dress.	true
A woman killed her husband over his bidding and play of a bridge hand in 1929.	true
Casinos pump extra oxygen onto the gaming floors during the early-morning hours to keep tired patrons from heading off to bed.	false
When a Nebraska church exploded in 1950, no one was injured because every single member of the choir was coincidentallylate arriving for practice that evening.	true
Numbers recommended by a fortune cookie resulted in a lottery win.	true
A lottery winner was run over by a truck just hours after his win.	true
A lucky bargain hunter became a millionaire after finding an original print of the Declaration of Independence in the frame of an old painting.	true
A lucky bargain hunter became a millionaire after finding an original print of the Declaration of Independence in the frame of an old painting.	true
A policeman promised a waitress half the winnings from his lottery ticket. All the numbers came up, and he kept his word by sharing the jackpot with her.	true
Woman wins lottery twice after dreaming about the winning combination.	true
A husband and wife each won a lottery by playing numbers recommended by a fortune cookie.	true
A lottery ticket that would have won $30 million was voided because the buyer didn't want it.	true
A man committed suicide because he mistakenly believed his lotto numbers had come up the one week he didn't play them.	true
A husband and wife each won a lottery by playing numbers recommended by a fortune cookie.	true
Soon after winning the largest-ever Megabucks slots jackpot, the new multi-millionaire died a violent death.	false
In 1873 a British mill engineer "broke the bank" at a Monte Carlo casino.	true
Tourists who have taken rocks from Hawaiian beaches have returned them in hopes of ending streaks of bad luck.	true
The same woman who was originally scheduled to be part of the Challenger shuttle crew in 1986 was also bumped off the ill-fated Columbia mission in 2003.	false
Donald Trump left a Buffalo Club waiter a $10,000 tip.	false
A wealthy woman left her entire estate to a man she had met only once.	true
Police in Lumberton, Texas, placed an ad in the Lumberton Ledger offering to assist drug dealers by arresting their competitors.	true
Macy's refused to hire an applicant because she was a veteran who had served in Afghanistan.	false
A man murdered his unfaithful fiancee and fed her remains to her unsuspecting parents at a barbeque.	false
The sight of 37 duplicate versions of the moon will appear in the sky on 5 September 2015.	false
Marco Rubio said rape victims should be taken into custody and held if it's suspected they're considering abortions.	false
Margaret Sanger said "Slavs, Latin and Hebrew immigrants are human weeds ... a deadweight of human waste ... Blacks, soldiers and Jews are a menace to the race."	false
Mark Cuban said that Millennials will probably vote for a Democrat in 2016, "because they fact-check everything."	false
Mark Zuckerberg is giving $4.5 million to 100 Facebook users who share a specific message on the social networking web site.	false
Facebook users can check if their accounts have been hacked by commenting "@[4.0]" on posts.	false
Marlboro is giving away a limited number of free cartons to Facebook users who like and share a post.	false
There were 162 mass shootings under President Obama, compared to 20 under President George W. Bush and 23 under President Bill Clinton.	false
A sign warns people that a suspension bridge in Costa Rica can hold ten people but only three Americans.	false
A McDonald's sign acknowledges the chain's use of "french fry grease" to warm coffee.	false
The McDonald's fast food chain has implemented a policy barring their customers from buying food for homeless people.	false
McDonald's restaurants in Colorado have turned their Play Place areas into marijuana-friendly smoking zones.	false
The McDonald's fast food chain will be closing 17,000 locations due to an increase in the minimum wage.	false
Television journalist Geraldo Rivera was born Jerry Rivers but changed his name to appeal to Latino viewers.	false
Two television stations aired 2012 election "results" early.	true
An eyeball-licking fad has produced a widespread outbreak of ocular maladies among Japanese schoolchildren.	false
Iraqi militant web site displays image of action figure toy identified as a captured American soldier.	true
The world's first hotel for sheep has opened in Japan.	false
A TV station was pranked with fake names for pilots involved in an airline crash.	true
Screen capture shows errors in a Fox News report about the killing of seven people in Toulouse, France.	false
CBS has announced plans to produce a made-for-TV movie about the Terri Schiavo case.	false
Family member runs obituary for deceased parent that maligns his siblings.	true
Notorious mom Casey Anthony is pregnant with twins and hoping to star on a reality TV show.	false
Family member runs caustic obituary about deceased parent.	true
A lesbian mother has scheduled her adopted baby boy for sex change surgery.	false
A 179-year-old man is living in India.	false
Police recently found 17 plastic-wrapped bodies in the Ohio River.	false
The IOC has announced 3-on-3 basketball will be an official sport at the 2016 Olympics.	false
A 600-pound Australian woman gave birth to a 40-pound baby.	false
Murder charges against former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez were dropped, and he will be returning to the Patriots for the 2015 NFL season.	false
President Obama has signed a new law lowering the drinking age to 18.	false
A father attempted to sell his toddler son on Craigslist to fund the purchase of a new Apple Watch.	false
The FDA recently discovered that the Arizona Beverage Company uses human urine in many of their products.	false
Facebook is banning atheists from their social network to reduce cyberbullying.	false
The FDA has approved an ativan diffuser for use in hospitals.	false
A NYPD police officer killed a baby following a breastfeeding dispute with the child's mother.	false
Michele Bachmann said Martin Luther King would still be alive today if black people were allowed to own guns in the 1960s.	false
Hillary Clinton wants to ban beards and impose fines on the bearded.	false
British street artist Banksy was arrested by London police and publicly identified.	false
Brown recluse spider eggs used to fill Beanie Babies in the 1990s are finally hatching.	false
Prisoners swapped in exchange for the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl are now "ISIS leaders."	false
Actress Betty White has died.	false
A supposedly deceased Chicago woman was rescued after funeralgoers heard screams coming from her grave.	false
McDonald's is discontinuing the Big Mac, apple pies, and large size menu items.	false
The Department of Homeland Security uncovered a terrorist plot to attack Black Friday shoppers in several locations.	false
A federal judge has barred black women from choosing their children's names.	false
Police in New Jersey found a body that had lain undisturbed for five years under a motel bed.	false
An Oregon girl's message-in-a-bottle was found by a boy in Hawaii.	false
Green Bay tight end Brandon Bostick was shot by a disgruntled Packers fan.	false
The creator of Breaking Bad announced the series will return for a sixth season.	false
Jay Z has bought the Los Angeles Dodgers and plans to move the team back to Brooklyn.	false
Women in Germany face the loss of unemployment benefits if they decline to accept work in brothels.	false
A DNA test confirmed Michael Jackson was the biological father of musician Bruno Mars.	false
Burger King is taking Timbits off of the Tim Hortons menu.	false
Mattel has released a burka Barbie doll for the toy's 50th anniversary.	false
Former president George W. Bush was arrested in Dallas for cocaine possession.	false
Astronaut Buzz Aldrin admitted the Apollo 11 moon landing was staged on a movie set.	false
The Texas Department of Corrections granted a cannibal inmate's request of a child for his last meal.	false
President Obama wore an "I Can't Breathe" shirt to the Congressional swearing-in ceremony.	false
The FDA has found cocaine in thousands of Capri Sun drinks.	false
The Ku Klux Klan has endorsed Dr. Ben Carson for President.	false
A woman was arrested after police discovered she was killing her neighbors' cats to make fur coats from them.	false
A man killed seven people with a chainsaw at a haunted house in California.	false
An alligator captured in the Chicago River in June 2008 was the first such creature ever found in that body of water.	false
A group of teenagers re-enacting the plot of the film The Purge 2 in Chicago murdered over 112 people .	false
A company has released "child love dolls" to provide a safe sexual outlet for pedophiles.	false
The FDA busted Chipotle in the act of using cat and dog meat and is forcing the chain to close all locations.	false
George Clooney has an open tab at Chipotle that anyone can use to get a free burrito.	false
President Obama has limited churches to offering twice-monthly services.	false
A 16-year-old Arkansas girl has filed a paternity lawsuit claiming that Bill Clinton is her father.	false
A toddler was ejected from a roller coaster after his teen mother circumvented height regulations and sneaked him onto the ride.	false
Production of Coors Light beer has been halted due the brew's being contaminated with cocaine.	false
Coca-Cola is recalling millions of bottles ofCoke with the name Michael on the label.	false
The Costco chain will soon be selling bulk marijuana in their Washington stores.	false
The SS Cotopaxi has been discovered by the Cuban Coast Guard 90 years after it vanished in the Bermuda Triangle.	false
Senator Ted Cruz was overheard calling President Obama the N-word at a fundraiser.	false
Rafael Cruz, father of Senator Ted Cruz, believes atheists should be separated from the devout and placed in special "camps."	false
President Obama signed an order that made Ted Cruz ineligible for Obamacare.	false
Ted Cruz said that veterans should start selling cookies in order to raise funds.	false
Presidential candidate Ted Cruz was unable to locate the clitoris on a diagram of the female anatomy.	false
Senator Ted Cruz claimed flooding in Texas was caused by Native American rain dances.	false
Darren Wilson was shot by a group of white men outside a 7-Eleven.	false
A death row inmate was released from prison after two execution attempts failed.	false
A vengeful Polish dentist pulled out all of her ex-boyfriend s teeth after he dumped her.	false
Singer DMX was arrested in 2014 for running a dogfighting ring.	false
Las Vegas casino owners and the Nevada Gaming Commission are lobbying to legalize dog fighting.	false
A restaurant in Los Angeles has been granted legal permission to serve dog meat.	false
A portrait of Abraham Lincoln was removed from the White House to make way for a picture of the Obamas' pet dogs.	false
Beverly Hillbillies star Donna Douglas has passed away.	true
Obamacare "death panels" have executed a senior citizen named Dorothy Zbornak (or "Zborknak") because she had outlived her usefulness.	false
Dr. Laura Schlessinger adopted ten pitbulls from a shelter and immediately had them euthanized.	false
Facebook will be working with the DEA to monitor all Facebook posts for indications of drug use.	false
CPS launched an investigation into the Duggar family after reports about Josh Duggar surfaced in the media.	false
U2 singer Bono contracted Ebola while caring for a man in Liberia.	false
An outbreak of Ebola in Chicago has sickened four people and killed three.	false
Gov. Chris Christie has canceled Halloween trick-or-treating in New Jersey over Ebola fears.	false
Seventeen kindergarteners in Wortham, Texas, tested positive for Ebola after being exposed to a Liberian exchange student.	false
Third graders in Olathe, Kansas, contracted Ebola from a substitute teacher.	false
The CDC has announced trials of an Ebola vaccine that works only on white people.	false
Image depicts a "captured Ebola victim" who has risen from the dead.	false
The popular Christmas toy Elf on the Shelf was begun by the National Security Agency.	false
The body of a homeless man found in San Diego has been identified as that of Elvis Presley.	false
Singer Eminem gave a real interview in the movie The Interview in which he announced he was gay.	false
Fox has cancelled the second season of Empire .	false
President Obama has ordered the Federal Reserve to adopt the Euro.	false
Facebook is disclosing the names of users who have posed for pictures with guns to the Department of Homeland Security.	false
Singer Justin Bieber will be replacing the late actor Paul Walker in the Fast and Furious film series.	false
Facebook will soon make all private inbox messages publicly viewable to promote honesty among users.	false
A FedEx driver committed suicide after crashing and destroying hundreds of Christmas presents.	false
Senator Dianne Feinstein said "when the gunman realizes that nobody else is armed, he will lay down his weapons and turn himself in, that's human nature."	false
A Catholic priest said that he met God and found God is a woman.	false
A protester in Ferguson, Missouri, accidentally burned down his own house.	false
Mothers with tattoos risk passing "Fetal Ink Syndrome" on to their children.	false
The Nevada Athletic Commission has voided Floyd Mayweather's boxing victory over Manny Pacquiao.	false
A Fargo man was arrested for clearing snow from his property with a flamethrower.	false
The federal Food Stamp program (SNAP) will be discontinued in March 2015.	false
Francis Fasher was arrested on several charges, including public intoxication, transporting lab animals, and failure to pay of child support, after a bizarre traffic stop.	false
Rep. Trent Franks said Pope Francis does not understand scripture, which he claimed does not obligate Christians to help the poor.	false
Congress has approved a program to provide welfare recipients with free cars and a monthly stipend for gas.	false
A study has linked eating grits with increased chances of fathering a gay child.	false
An amendment to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) requires gay residents to wear a sensor for identification.	false
Sarah Palin said vaccinations were linked to homosexuality.	false
A ghost ship filled with Ebola-ridden rats is heading towards Florida.	false
The Supreme Court ordered the Smithsonian Institute to disclose that it destroyed several giant skeletons in the early 1900s to preserve the mainstream narrative of evolution.	false
A 15-ton "giant shark," previously believed to be extinct (and a "a parent of the Megalodon") was captured off the coast of Pakistan by local fishermen.	false
Doctors have confirmed that consumption of genetically modified tomatoes killed a man.	false
Two people in Florida were arrested for selling golden tickets to heaven.	false
Green Bay Packers wide receivers Randall Cobb and Jordy Nelson were caught using battery-powered , 'performance enhancing' gloves.	false
Celebrity chef Guy Fieri has passed away at the age of 47.	false
California is building a $587 billion high-speed rail link to Hawaii.	false
A 2-year-old boy who shot and killed his mother in a Walmart is going to be tried as an adult.	false
The world's first successful human head transplant has taken place in South Africa.	false
Studies have shown that children who are vaccinated are 85% more likely to inject heroin than those who are not.	false
The U.S. government has announced plans to track homeless persons by implanting them with RFID chips.	false
A Swedish man died after having sex with hornet's nest.	false
Hugh Hefner passed away at the age of 88 on 28 December 2014.	false
An Oklahoma City McDonald's outlet was caught with horse meat and human meat in their freezers.	false
The U.S. federal government will enact a nationwide minimum hunting age of twenty-one .	false
New iPhone 6 devices have been contaminated with Ebola, and tens of thousands of people have fallen ill.	false
Australian recording artist Iggy Izalea was born male.	false
A man turned himself in to police for killing his imaginary friend.	false
A 14-year-old girl is pregnant with baby Jesus.	false
The Indianapolis 500 has been cancelled and moved to Florida due to Indiana's passage of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.	false
A new Harvard study has shown that liberals have a lower average IQ than conservatives.	false
The brother of a top ISIS leader has repented and converted to Christianity.	false
An ISIS jihadist converted to Christianity after being left for dead and rescued by Christian missionaries.	false
Jaden Smith will have his penis removed on his 18th birthday.	false
President Obama is planning to strip Texas of statehood in advance of the Jade Helm military exercise.	false
Jasmine Tridevil, whose "third breast" hoax captivated the internet, has been found dead in her home.	false
Caitlyn Jenner announced that she regrets becoming female and will transition back to male.	false
Yankee shortstop Derek Jeter has canceled his retirement plans to sign with the Boston Red Sox.	false
Gov. Bobby Jindal broke off trade relations with Ireland after that country legalized gay marriage.	false
Houston Texans defensive end J.J. Watt was arrested for cocaine possession.	false
Michael Jordan said he doesn't care about kids dying over his shoes.	false
Several memes from 'Stop the World, the Teabaggers Want Off' present real quotes from conservative politicians who supposedly defended Josh Duggar after the reality star admitted to molesting underage girls.	false
Kanye West has been banned from all future award shows.	false
Kanye West scored 106 points in a charity basketball game against a team of children in wheelchairs.	false
Kevin Bacon is changing his surname to appease Muslim groups.	false
KFC has obtained a license to start selling marijuana in their Colorado restaurants.	false
A school of killer whales attacked and killed 16 crewmembers of a Japanese whaling boat.	false
A U.S. company is hiring mercenaries at a salary of $500,000 per year to kill ISIS members.	false
A KKK chapter successfully sued a black-owned bakery for refusing to make them a birthday cake.	false
Fashion CEO Michael Kors said he is tired of "pretending to like blacks."	false
Kristen Bell is the most tattooed actress in Hollywood, with more than 200 facial and body tattoos.	false
Reality star Kylie Jenner announced on Twitter she was pregnant by rapper Tyga.	false
A woman on death row has requested a live kitten for her last meal.	false
The Coen brothers have announced plans to begin filming a Big Lebowski sequel in January 2015.	false
Colorado has become the first state to legalize recreational use of crystal meth.	false
A couple was sent to a hospital emergency room after mistaking glue for lubricant.	false
President Obama's 16-year-old daughter Malia is pregnant.	false
Marcus Bachmann was refused service at an Indiana dress boutique because the store owner assumed he was gay.	false
Retired CIA agent Normand Hodges confessed on his deathbed to assassinating Marilyn Monroe.	false
The body of a homeless man found behind a Jamaica fast food restaurant has been identified as that of Bob Marley.	false
A Florida man has "married" a 6-month-old boy.	false
NASA's Mars rover Curiosity found a fish fossil near the Windjana drilling target.	false
Korean McDonald's locations sell a burger made from dog meat.	false
McDonald's will stop serving overweight customers beginning 1 January 2015.	false
A UN official lambasted the "entitlement" of the parents of slain Ferguson, Missouri, teen Mike Brown after they addressed the United Nations Committee Against Torture.	false
A historian recently discovered an eyewitness account of Jesus' performing a miracle.	false
A scientist who had been missing for more than 20 yearswas found hiding in a secret drug lab in a Minnesota couple's basement.	false
Michael Jordan will return to the NBA at age 52 to play for the Charlotte Hornets.	false
Monsanto has created the first genetically-modified strain of marijuana.	false
snopes.com has deemed the Facebook group 'Stop the World, the Teabaggers Want Off' as the 'Most Accurate Page on Facebook.'	false
All registered motorcycle owners are classified as gang members by the FBI.	false
MTV is producing a new reality show, 12 and Pregnant .	false
President Obama has proclaimed August 2014 to be 'International Muslim Awareness Month.'	false
Dr. Ben Carson said that "anatomically, a Muslim's brain is wired differently than ours."	false
The White House used passages from the Koran during its annual Easter egg hunt.	false
First Lady Michelle Obama proposed a "Hug A Muslim" day to replace Columbus Day.	false
Crime anchor Nancy Grace has been arrested for murder.	false
A neo-Nazi woman gave birth to a black baby after being inseminated by the wrong sperm donor.	false
Gideons International sent 100,000 paperback Bibles to Nepal as a form of earthquake disaster relief.	false
Popular content-streaming service Netflix will declare bankruptcy and shut down due to piracy.	false
Artist Lana Newstrom is creating invisible art and selling it for millions of dollars.	false
NFL referee Pete Morelli quit after being paid $500,000 for his officiating at 2014 Cowboys-Lions playoff game.	false
Ted Nugent said that Native Americans should "go back where they came from."	false
Three nurses died after an open beverage container was left at a Mercy Hospital nurses' station.	false
Kenyan authorities have released papers confirming President Barack Obama's birth in that country.	false
First Lady Michelle Obama has filed for divorce from President Barack Obama because he has abdicated both marital and executive duties to play golf.	false
President Obama filed federal charges against Darren Wilson moments after a grand jury's decision not to indict him was announced.	false
North Dakota named a landfill after President Obama.	false
A nine-year old boy was expelled from school because he said he "didn't like Obama."	false
Illegal loggers in the Amazon rainforest accidentally cut down the world's oldest tree.	false
Oprah Winfrey has posted bail for 'sexy felon' Jeremy Meeks.	false
Oprah Winfrey accused Bill Cosby of drugging her and trying to rape her.	false
Gang members are painting their gun barrels orange so police will be hesitant to shoot at them.	false
Oregon has become the first state to legalize the street drug Molly.	false
Scientists have recently documented a conclusive link between autism and agricultural pesticides.	false
Sarah Palin confused the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo with the Peanuts comic featuring Charlie Brown during an appearance on Fox News.	false
Former Alaskan governor Sarah Palin has called on President Obama to "invade Ebola."	false
Sarah Palin told Sean Hannity Alaska has "all sorts of Eskimos and other foreigners."	false
Sarah Palin said President Obama should put immigrants on a boat back to Mexico.	false
Sarah Palin said that it's time to get someone with a regular name back in the White House.	false
Sarah Palin has endorsed the Israeli prime minister for President of the United States.	false
Sarah Palin endorsed Benjamin Netanyahu for President of The United States.	false
Sarah Palin wrote on her website affirmative action, athletic scholarships, and food stamps result in "black privilege."	false
Sarah Palin said that abolishing slavery enabled President Obama's election and worried that immigration reform would lead to a Hispanic president.	false
Actress Gwyneth Paltrow starved to death trying to live off of food stamps for a week.	false
Musician Ringo Starr admitted that Paul McCartney passed away in 1966 and was replaced by a lookalike.	false
The FBI raided and dismantled a pig brothel in Missouri.	false
Six college students were arrested after they released piranhas into the Great Lakes.	false
NASA has discovered a new planet covered in marijuana.	false
Pope Francis has declared that fornication is no longer a sin.	false
A Brazilian scientist was attacked by a prehistoric species of owl he had cloned.	false
Doctors discovered that a pregnant woman's unborn daughter was also pregnant.	false
Disney is producing a full-length animated film featuring two gay princes.	false
Jaden Smith claims God told him to start a clothing line called 666.	false
A public smoking ban will go into effect in New Brunswick on 1 July 2015.	false
A Purina employee was arrested and charged with theft for stealing and eating $30,000 worth of dog biscuits.	false
The U.S. Postal Service is selling Queen Michelle Obama stamps.	false
Raven Symone said Bill Cosby "drugged and raped" her after The Cosby Show 's last episode.	false
President Obama will resign effective 1 January 2015 over new Benghazi revelations.	false
"CDC whistleblower" Brent Hopskins revealed that all doses of the Ebola vaccine contain an RFID chip.	false
U.S. schools are requiring children to be implanted with RFID chips in order to curb gun violence.	false
Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson said homosexual behavior causes autism.	false
Bin Laden shooter Rob O'Neill was targeted in a home invasion gone awry.	false
A McDonald's restaurant in Phoenix is completely run by robots.	false
Billionaire David Rockefeller just received his sixth heart transplant at the age of 99.	false
Mitt Romney said Michelle Obama should be called the "First Woman," not the "First Lady."	false
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo announced that he is gay and is dating his teammate Jason Witten.	false
Television personality Rosie O'Donnell got an ISIS tattoo in support of the Islamic State's "struggle against Western imperialism."	false
Pope Francis has hired Harry Potter author JK Rowling to rewrite the Bible.	false
A corpse went undiscovered for two weeks at a Halloween haunted house attraction.	false
Dustin Diamond (aka "Screech") was charged with second-degree murder after stabbing a man at a bar.	false
Rapper Sean Combs, also known as Puff Daddy or P. Diddy, has been arrested in connection with the long-unsolved murder of fellow hip-hop star Tupac Shakur.	false
Mike Huckabee created a handy guide to identifying a secret homosexual handshake.	false
A teen boy was arrested for masturbating under a law that prohibits 'self-rape.'	false
Photograph shows a honeymooner taking an underwater selfie moments before he was killed by a shark.	false
Singer Bobby Shmurda was stabbed to death at Rikers Island.	false
The FDA has discovered that Skittles candies are being laced with cocaine.	false
The FDA has approved the sale of a new tranquilizer dart gun intended to put children to sleep.	false
Food stamps can now be used to purchase alcohol and tobacco products.	false
An incoming "record-breaking snowfall" will blanket most of the U.S. during the 2014-2015 winter season.	false
Kurt Sutter is making a Sons of Anarchy movie with Brad Pitt.	false
Several social media networks have announced they will be banning users who post images of the Confederate flag.	false
Val Kilmer will star as Tony Soprano in a remake of the hit HBO show The Sopranos .	false
Starbucks drinks have been found to contain semen samples.	false
The Gateway Arch in St. Louis is slated for demolition in early 2015.	false
A Florida teacher gave 6th grade students an explicit sex ed lesson involving a strap-on sex toy to satisfy common core requirements.	false
Fox News mistakenly used a photo of Stephen A. Smith during its tribute to Stuart Scott.	false
A teenager was given a 25-year prison sentence for a prank known as "swatting."	false
Congress has eliminated the child tax credit, the earned income tax credit (EITC), and mortgage deductions from the tax code under pressure from lobby groups and the Koch brothers.	false
The payment of federal tax refunds for 2014 will be delayed until October 2015.	false
American Sniper star Bradley Cooper is engaged to Taya Kyle.	false
A couple announced they have sex in front of their children to show them where babies come from.	false
NFL quarterback Tim Tebow was arrested for soliciting a prostitute.	false
The Supreme Court has ruled that police can no longer stop, speak to, or look at any member of the public.	false
The U.S. Department of State has issued a travel advisory for the state of Texas after a family of five tested positive for Ebola.	false
Texas is about to legalize marijuana for medicinal and recreational use.	false
The town of Purdon, Texas was quarantined after a family of five there tested positive for the Ebola virus.	false
Timberland's CEO said he doesn't want black people to wear Timberland boots.	false
The U.S. government has been microchipping babies since 1983.	false
Boston Marathon bombing suspect Djokhar Tsarnaev has been beaten in prison.	false
President Obama has pardoned Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.	false
Rapper Tupac Shakur, thought to have been killed in 1996, has come out of hiding.	false
Millions of Thanksgiving turkeys have been recalled due to avian flu.	false
Twilight: Breaking Dawn, Part 3 will be released in November 2015.	false
A baby was born in India with two separate minds enclosed in one head.	false
A man in China has sued his wife for bearing him ugly children.	false
The remains of an ancient city were discovered in the Australian desert.	false
A whale carcass was found lying in a field in Utah.	false
Hostess Vanna White has been fired from Wheel of Fortune .	false
A veteran injured during the 1945 battle of Iwo Jima finally came out of his coma 69 years later.	false
Remains of a Viking ship were discovered on the banks of the Mississippi River near Memphis.	false
AMC is bringing the character of Beth Greene back to life on The Walking Dead .	false
A woman was arrested for shoplifting after police found more than $100 worth of groceries in her vagina.	false
Amateur scuba divers discovered a long-lost nuclear warhead off the coast of Georgia.	false
The state of California is fining Ice Bucket Challenge participants for wasting water.	false
The Wendy's fast food restaurant chain uses rat and horse meat to make their chili.	false
Wendy's hamburgers contain horse meat.	false
A Romanian couple named their son 'Yahoo' as an expression of gratitude for their having met over the Internet.	false
Yoko Ono confirmed that she had an affair with Hillary Clinton in the 1970s.	false
Tejano singer Selena's killer, Yolanda Saldivar, has been granted early parole.	false
President of Zimbabwe Robert Mugabe has announced plans to begin a "white Holocaust."	false
George Zimmerman was arrested while visiting Ferguson, Missouri.	false
George Zimmerman said that it was God's plan for him to shoot Trayon Martin.	false
Actor Russell Johnson of Gilligan's Island fame has been identified as the Zodiac Killer.	false
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has converted to Islam.	false
FBI agents holed up in a psychiatric hospital attempted to order pizzas from an incredulous delivery man.	true
AIDS was created by the CIA.	false
Embedded ticks can cause paralysis.	true
Bananas imported from South Africa or Costa Rica are infected with the "flesh-eating disease" known as necrotizing fasciitis.	false
Drinking bleach will protect you from catching HIV/AIDS.	false
The CA-125 blood test is a reliable method of detecting ovarian cancer in its early stages, and women should insist upon having one done with each yearly examination.	false
Johns Hopkins Hospital issued a "cancer update" detailing how cancer spreads and recommending methods for treating the disease.	false
Handles of shopping carts are laden with germs.	true
The CDC has recommended mothers stop breastfeeding in order to increase the efficacy of vaccines.	false
The CDC issued an apology because the 2014-15 flu shot doesn't work.	false
Data suppressed by the CDC proved that the MMR vaccine produces a 340% increased risk of autism in African-American boys.	false
Researchers at CIDRAP have confirmed that 'Ebola is now airborne.'	false
The CDC and CIDRAP have admitted that Ebola is now airborne.	false
Eyebrow waxers are at risk of contracting herpes from unsanitary equipment.	false
Some symptoms of a heart attack are subtle and can be mistaken for indigestion.	true
E-mail warns about a disease known as Inflammatory Breast Cancer.	true
Someone is sending sponges carrying a deadly "Klingerman virus" to victims via U.S. Mail.	false
A 2001 study concluded that the London Underground was unspeakably unsanitary.	false
Parents should watch for signs of mastoiditis after their children develop ear infections.	mostly true
Paget's disease of the nipple is a real (but uncommon) form of breast cancer.	true
Your purse may be carrying disease into your home.	true
Researchers at Stanford University have found a cure for Alzheimer's disease.	mostly false
Ongoing tetanus vaccine campaigns in Kenya are a ruse to sterilize women of childbearing age.	false
Typhoid Mary caused the deaths of thousands of people.	false
The son of child care expert Dr. Benjamin Spock killed himself.	false
A recall has been issued for store-brand acetaminophen pills manufactured by Perrigo.	true
Cold-fX "feeds" development of hormonal cancers in women.	false
The Gardasil HPV vaccine has been proved to have caused the deaths of 32 women.	false
The price of generic drugs can vary widely from one pharmacy to the next.	true
A drug concoction known as krokodil can rot the skin of users who inject it.	true
The interaction of Motrin and Robitussin can cause heart attacks in children.	false
Baby Orajel can cause infants to stop breathing and turn blue.	true
Pantene brand shampoo contains an additive that when injected will get the user high.	false
The consumption of poppy seeds used on bagels and muffins can produce positive results on drug screening tests.	true
The drug Premarin is produced from the urine of pregnant horses.	true
A drug called Progesterex is being used by date rapers to sterilize their victims and thereby prevent identification through paternity.	false
Boiling shampoo and inhaling the fumes to get high is a common practice among teenagers.	false
Drinking or injecting bleach will protect you against Ebola.	false
Three Doritos factory workers have tested positive for Ebola.	false
African health officials confirmed that a factory worker suffering from Ebola bled into a batch of chocolate, potentially infecting millions of pieces.	false
An immigrant who tested positive for Ebola escaped custody in Leicester.	false
The Walking Dead actress Danai Gurira contracted Ebola while filming on location in Africa.	false
Hundreds of thousands of Thanksgiving turkeys have been contaminated with Ebola.	false
The face of the CPR training mannequin was modeled after the deceased daughter of the doctor who invented it.	false
An elderly patient met his demise when the gurney he was strapped to rolled away with him.	true
Several patients have died because medical personnel confused Lance Armstrong "Live Strong" bracelets with "Do Not Resuscitate" bands.	false
A machine-shop worker tore his scrotum in a piece of machinery and then stapled it back together.	true
Electric fans left running overnight kill persons sleeping in the breeze they generate.	false
Treat burns with egg whites.	false
The application of flour is an effective and recommended treatment for burns.	false
Using gasoline to get rid of lice is dangerous.	true
A study proved that pineapple juice is five times more effective than cough syrup.	false
The average person needs to drink eight glasses of water per day to avoid being "chronically dehydrated."	false
Scientists have determined a date in January is statistically the most depressing day of the year.	false
Photograph shows an STD-related infection known as 'blue waffle disease.'	false
Drinking cold water after meals will lead to cancer.	false
Drinking four glasses of water at the beginning of each day will cure various diseases.	false
Jean Hilliard made a full recovery after she was found frozen in sub-zero temperatures.	true
Study produced by fast food companies proves the more overweight one is, the healthier one is.	false
Sour sop (fruit of the graviola tree) cures cancer.	false
A recent study disproved a link between sun exposure and skin cancer.	false
A few drops of Visine brand eye drops taken internally will cause diarrhea.	false
Adulterated Dew brand bottled water killed 180 people in Tanzania.	false
Drinking Mountain Dew brand soda causes one's testicles to shrink.	false
A veterinary pathologist testified that being immersed in a can of Mountain Dew would turn a mouse into a "jelly-like" substance.	true
Red Bull energy drink contains a banned, government-manufactured stimulant linked to the formation of brain tumors.	false
Some German states have banned Red Bull's 'Simply Cola' drink after claiming it contains trace amounts of cocaine.	true
The CDC has warned that the swine flu is wiping out villages in Asia and will kill 60% of the U.S. population.	false
Types of influenza outbreaks in recent years correspond to Chinese astrological symbols.	false
News about swine flu cases in New Orleans has been suppressed to avoid interfering with attendance at Jazz Fest.	false
Article reveals the Mayo Clinic's expectations for a swine flu pandemic.	false
Onions placed in bowls around your home will fight off the flu virus.	false
The swine flu vaccine used in the U.S. contains squalene, a dangerous adjuvant.	false
Anti-perspirants have been identified as the leading cause of breast cancer.	false
The artificial sweetener aspartame is responsible for an epidemic of cancer, brain tumors, and multiple sclerosis.	false
Ordinary use of Canola oil is dangerous to consumers.	false
Some brands of sidewalk chalk have contained high levels of lead.	true
Disposable chopsticks are loaded with carcinogens.	false
Research has proved that microwaving foods in plastic containers releases cancer-causing agents into the foods.	false
Harmful levels of asbestos have been found in several brands of children's crayons.	false
Dawn brand dishwashing liquid is significantly more caustic than other brands and erodes the corneas of children's eyes.	false
Adolescents have died huffing from cans of Dust-Off brand compressed air.	true
A mixture of Enfalac baby formula and dog food caused a toddler's stomach to explode.	false
Mr. Clean Magic Erasers have been banned from stores because the product contains formaldehyde.	false
Inhaling from the wrong end of a filtered cigarette will lead to genital disfunction.	false
Wal-Mart halted sales of Chinese-made flip-flops in 2007after some purchasers reported suffering skin rashes or chemical burns.	true
Some granite countertops may emit radon.	true
Some Chinese-made hair bands were fashioned from recycled condoms.	true
The sap of the giant hogweed plant can cause severe skin and eye irritation.	true
Eos brand lip balm can grow black or green mold under some conditions.	true
Several major brands of lipstick contain dangerous levels of cancer-causing lead which can be detected with a gold ring.	mostly false
Nuby brand pacifiers have been recalled because they pose a choking hazard to babies.	mostly false
Wearing certain types of sanitary pads causes uterine and bladder cancer and has resulted in the death of 56 girls.	false
Pampers Dry Max diapers commonly cause severe diaper rash and chemical burns on infants.	false
Pot scrubbing sponges manufactured by Procter & Gamble contain a dangerous derivative of Agent Orange.	false
A 2-year-old boy died a horrible death after ingesting Resolve brand carpet cleaner.	false
Drug traffickers are hiding small amounts of the deadly toxin ricin in methamphetamine labs to kill law enforcement officers.	false
Medical research has established a causative link between root canals and cancer mortality.	false
The artificial sweetener Splenda was inadequately tested and is unsafe for human consumption.	false
Tampax Pearl brand tampons have been linked to an outbreak of toxic shock syndrome.	false
Tampon manufacturers use asbestos in their products to promote bleeding.	false
70% of Americans are afflicted with a 'vampire fungus' that causes a number of chronic illnesses.	false
Rapper Meek Mill is the grandson of Martin Luther King, Jr.	false
The band Megadeth is set to play a rally for Bernie Sanders.	false
Metallica sued an 8th-grade student for drawing the band's logo on his notebook.	false
A photograph shows several Mexican immigrants who were forced to surrender kidneys in order to enter the United States.	false
Does a photograph show a border fence between the countries of Mexico and Guatemala?	false
Mexican citizens are required to have government-issued photo ID cards in order to vote in federal elections.	true
A plane resembling disappeared Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was found in a warehouse connected to CNN.	false
Michele Bachmann said that solar power drains the sun of heat.	false
First Lady Michelle Obama said that "white folks are what's wrong with America" during a commencement speech at Tuskagee University.	false
The Florida Powerball winner is a 32-year-old military widow named Candice Withers.	false
Twenty-one guns are fired in U.S. national military salutes because the digits in 1776 add up to 21.	false
A Marine serving in Bosnia subjected a French officer to a verbal chiding.	false
Ed McMahon served as Johnny Carson's commanding officer in the military.	false
Actor James Garner detected the presence of an enemy patrol during the Korean War through the smell of garlic.	mostly true
A B-17 damaged on a bombing raid over Germany reached England safely after a German pilot declined to shoot it down.	true
The gold ball atop a military flagpole contains a razor, a match, and a bullet.	false
During a trip to North Vietnam, Jane Fonda turned smuggled messages from U.S. POWs over to their captors.	false
During Hurricane Isabel, sentries guarding the Tomb of the Unknowns remained at their posts.	true
A few years after a couple of kids used a made-up name to sign up for a free yearly ice cream cone, they received a Selective Service registration notice for their non-existent friend.	true
Aircraft carrier attempts to bully a lighthouse into moving out of its way.	false
The M-16 rifles used by American soldiers in Vietnam were manufactured by the Mattel toy company.	false
Maps and other escape aids were smuggled to Allied POWs in Monopoly sets during World War II.	true
Marines in training must murder a pet or a family member to be admitted to the Corps.	false
General Norman Schwarzkopf authored a pithy quote about whether we should show forgiveness towards those who harbored terrorists.	false
Dog tags used to have notches so they could be wedged between the teeth of fallen soldiers.	false
Being an only child (or an only son) automatically exempts you from military service.	false
General George S. Patton Jr. discovered the French were honoring a latrine pit.	true
The Pentagon was built with extra bathrooms to accommodate racial segregation laws.	true
The Pentagon military office building was originally intended to be a hospital.	false
General finds a good comeback when asked about the wisdom of teaching Boy Scouts to shoot.	false
The U.S. Army secretly feeds new recruits saltpeter in order to suppress their sexual urges.	false
Article describes talk given to a group of Wisconsin schoolchildren at the Iwo Jima memorial.	true
The number of hooves lifted into the air on equestrian statues reveals how the riders died.	false
Military recruits in basic training are issued "stress cards," which when waved at demanding drill sergeants immediately entitle those recruits to gentler treatment.	false
Fox News reported that millions of people fled Texas after a "pot rabbit plague" resulted in dozens of deaths.	false
In January 2016, Minnesota will become the first state to make all cigarettes illegal.	false
A 15-year-old girl named Rosemary Gullett is missing from her Portland, Oregon, home.	true
A video uploaded to Facebook shows a woman stabbing her baby to death to gain revenge on her boyfriend.	false
A photograph shows a "super moon" resting atop a radio telescope.	false
A photograph shows Mother Teresa at age 18.	false
Mt. McKinley's former and new name, "Denali," means "Black Power" in Kenyan.	false
The soft drink Mountain Dew is being discontinued.	false
James Bond actor Daniel Craig gets free Aston Martin cars for life.	false
Bette Davis landed her role in What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? through placing an ad in a Hollywood publication seeking employment as an actress.	false
The Gerber Baby is a likeness of Humphrey Bogart as an infant.	false
Actor Humphrey Bogart was born on Christmas Day.	true
The scene in which Brandon Lee was fatally wounded was left in the final cut of The Crow.	false
The mortal remains of Charlie Chaplin were abducted and held for ransom.	true
Actress Clara Bow held orgies during which she serviced the entire USC football team (including a young John Wayne).	false
In August 1997, the Baltimore Orioles deliberately created a lighting malfunction before a game to keep Cal Ripken's consecutive game streak intact.	false
Shortly before he died in a car crash, James Dean advised young motorists to 'Take it easy driving the life you might save might be mine.'"	true
Actor-director Clint Eastwood is the son of comic Stan Laurel.	false
Jane Fonda and Ted Turner were refused service in a restaurant run by a Vietnam War veteran.	true
Clark Gable killed a pedestrian while driving drunk, but MGM covered up the accident and sent another man to jail in his place.	false
Harpo Marx changed his given name from Adolph to Arthur in order to avoid an association with Adolf Hitler.	false
Actor Jon Heder, of Napoleon Dynamite fame, died in a car crash or took a fatal overdose.	false
The actor known as Iron Eyes Cody was a true-born Native Indian.	true
Two weeks before the opening of the movie Angel Eyes , Jennifer Lopez demanded that all the film's references to her be changed to "J.Lo."	false
Silent film star Buster Keaton was contractually precluded from smiling on-screen.	false
Actress Kristen Stewart trashed the military and defended terrorists during an October 2014 interview.	false
Actress Susan Lucci is the daughter of comedienne Phyllis Diller.	false
The car crash that killed Jayne Mansfield also decapitated her.	false
Actor Walter Matthau was born 'Walter Matuschanskyayasky.'	false
'Bugs Bunny' voice actor Mel Blanc was allergic to carrots.	false
Actor Michael J. Fox chose the middle name 'Jello' for himself when he was a child.	false
Marilyn Monroe wore a size 16 dress.	false
Marilyn Monroe had six toes on each foot.	false
Jim Nabors and Rock Hudson were married to each other.	false
At age 37 Jack Nicholson discovered that the woman he'd always thought his sister was actually his mother.	true
Edward G. Robinson personally funded the French Resistance in World War II.	false
One of Sylvester Stallone's first screen efforts was a starring role in a porn film.	true
Marisa Tomei was awarded the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1993 because Oscar presenter Jack Palance read the wrong name by mistake.	false
The father of actor Tom Hanks was the lead singer of the musical group The Diamonds.	false
Rudolph Valentino died from eating food prepared in aluminum cookware.	false
Rudolph Valentino died from eating food prepared in aluminum cookware.	false
The ghostly image of a boy who died in the home where Three Men and a Baby was filmed can be seen in the finished movie.	false
A stuntman was killed during filming of the chariot race sequence in the 1959 version of the film Ben-Hur, and his death was left in the final cut.	false
The horses in Young Frankenstein react violently to Frau Bl cher's name because it means 'glue' in German.	false
One of the women in the James Bond film For Your Eyes Only used to be a guy.	true
Warner Bros. threatened to sue the Marx Brothers over the title of the comedy group's 1946 film A Night in Casablanca .	false
Viewings of the film The Deer Hunter have been tied to a number of Russian roulette suicides.	true
A chance encounter between an autistic child and an actor resulted in the "dueling banjos" scene in Deliverance .	false
The State of Idaho passed a resolution commending Jared and Jerusha Hess for the production of their film Napoleon Dynamite .	true
The kidnapping, string of murders, and wood chipper incident portrayed in the film Fargo actually took place in Minnesota in 1987.	false
The title of the 1995 British film The Madness of George III was changed to The Madness of King George by its distributors to avoid the possibility that American audiences would think it was the third installment of a "Madness of George" movie series.	false
The Japanese and American versions of the 1962 film King Kong vs. Godzilla had different endings: Godzilla won in the Japanese version, while King Kong emerged victorious in the American edition.	false
The actress who portrayed Jill Masterson in the James Bond film Goldfinger died from asphyxiation after being covered with gold paint.	false
A character in the 1948 film Key Largo makes a prescient comment about Florida politicians.	false
The Jim Henson Company is developing a sequel to the 1986 film Labyrinth .	false
The film The Manchurian Candidate was withdrawn from distribution due to the assassination of John F. Kennedy.	false
Actor Michael J. Fox chose the middle name 'Jello' for himself when he was a child.	false
Buddy Ebsen was slated to play the Tin Woodman in the 1939 film version of The Wizard of Oz, but he had to be replaced after the aluminum makeup used with his costume made him gravely ill.	true
A lovelorn actor portraying one of the munchkins hanged himself on the set during the filming of The Wizard of Oz.	false
A case of the runs led to one of Raiders of the Lost Ark's most memorable scenes.	true
Ronald Reagan was the original choice to play the lead role in the 1942 film Casablanca .	false
Patrons watching the film Twister at Canadian drive-in were greatly impressed by the scene where a tornado rips through a drive-in screen . . . until they realized that was no fancy special effect -- they were in the path of a real tornado!	false
The movie Unfriended is based on found footage and real-life events.	false
A stuntman was killed during the filming of a fight scene in How the West Was Won.	false
During the filming of one of the train scenes in Dr. Zhivago, a stuntwoman's legs were amputated when she fell under the wheels, the scene was left in the final cut.	false
The lion used for the original MGM logo killed its trainer and his assistants.	false
An unusually high percentage of the child actors who starred in the Our Gang film series have met tragic, premature ends.	false
Movie critic Gene Siskel's will specified that he be buried with his thumb pointing up.	false
Steven Spielberg got his start in the film industry by sneaking into Universal Studios and commandeering an unoccupied office.	false
A photograph shows Mr. Peebles, the "world's smallest cat."	false
Muppet drummer Animal passed away at 66.	false
The band 10cc was so named because the term represents the amount of semen in an average male ejaculation (or a little bit more).	false
311's innocuous name masks sinister ties to white supremacy, because 'K' is the eleventh letter of the alphabet, and 'K' repeated three times equals 'KKK'.	false
Aerosmith once decided to play their set list in reverse, then opened a concert with their encore and mistakenly walked off the stage.	false
The airplane that carried Buddy Holly to his death was named 'American Pie.'	false
Violinist Joshua Bell played incognito in a Washington subway.	true
When U2's Bono announced that every time he clapped a child in Africa died, someone from the audience told him to stop doing that.	false
Teen rapper Lil' Bow Wow was raped by his bodyguard or limousine driver.	false
Singer "Mama" Cass Elliot experienced an increase in her vocal range after she was hit in the head by a pipe.	false
R&B singer Ciara was born male.	false
After the beleaguered lead guitarist of a band responds to heckling by asking if anyone in the audience thinks he can do better, Eric Clapton steps onto the stage and shows him up.	false
Buddy Holly's group named themselves "The Crickets" because the sound of a chirping cricket accidentally appeared on one of their recordings.	false
Deborah Harry was abducted by serial killer Ted Bundy and narrowly escaped with her life.	false
John Denver once served as a U.S. Army sniper in Vietnam.	false
Fame, Lady Gaga's perfume, is made with blood and semen.	false
Jefferson Airplane singer Grace Slick named her daughter 'god.'	false
The composer-performer of the patriotic song God Bless the USA fled to Canada to avoid being drafted to serve in the Vietnam War.	false
Frank Zappa once won a "gross-out contest" by eating excrement on stage.	false
Jimi Hendrix was dropped as an opening act from a Monkees tour because the Daughters of the American Revolution complained that his stage act was "too erotic."	false
American Idol favorite William Hung died of a heroin overdose.	false
Michael Jackson owned the rights to the Beatles' songs.	mostly true
Rocker Joan Jett sent an angry letter to Rolling Stone magazine to complain about their "Women in Rock" issue.	false
During a "Tonight Show" appearance, Jimi Hendrix proclaimed Phil Keaggy to be the greatest guitarist of all time.	false
Kid Rock is the son of Hank Williams, Jr.	false
Blood from KISS band members was mixed with the red ink used to print the first KISS comic book.	true
Pop star Lady Gaga is an hermaphrodite.	false
TLC's Lisa "Left-Eye" Lopes was murdered in a revenge killing.	false
"Mama" Cass Elliot of The Mamas and the Papas choked to death on a ham sandwich.	false
Kevin's lovable yet geeky sidekick in TV's "The Wonder Years" grew up to be evil incarnate . . . er, Marilyn Manson.	false
Marilyn Manson has taken to slaughtering puppies as part of his stage show.	false
A lonely boy who was shunned by his church youth group grows up to become Marilyn Manson.	false
When British police conducted a drug raid during a party at Keith Richards' Redlands estate in 1967, they found Mick Jagger eating a Mars bar out of Marianne Faithfull's vagina.	false
Bob Dylan, Mick Jagger, John Lennon, Paul McCartney, and George Harrison once recorded a supergroup album as 'The Masked Marauders.	false
Bobby McFerrin, the artist who sang "Don't Worry, Be Happy," killed himself.	false
Monkee Mike Nesmith's mother was the inventor of Liquid Paper correction fluid.	true
Monkee Mike Nesmith took up playing the guitar to regain dexterity in fingers injured by a firecracker.	false
Famous musician orders all audience members of a particular religious or national group to leave his concert.	false
Violinist Itzhak Perlman once finished a concert on an instrument with only three strings after one string broke.	false
Elvis Presley once said, "The only thing Negroes can do for me is buy my records and shine my shoes."	false
Elvis Presley's backup singers walked out on a concert after he remarked that their breath "smelled like catfish."	true
Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards beat a heroin addiction by having his blood replaced at a Swiss medical clinic.	false
After collapsing at a post-concert party, a rock star is rushed to an emergency room, where doctors pump a pint of semen out of his (or her) stomach.	false
KISS bassist Gene Simmons had a cow's tongue grafted onto his own.	false
Shania Twain is the great-granddaughter of Mark Twain.	false
Atheists are trying to ban the Carrie Underwood song "Something in the Water."	false
Van Halen's standard performance contract contained a provision calling for them to be provided backstage with a bowl of M&Ms from which all the brown candies has been removed.	true
Sergio Vega was murdered scant hours after dispelling rumors of his death.	true
Frank Zappa's father was the actor who played Mr. Greenjeans on the Captain Kangaroo children's TV show.	false
The Beatles planned the infamous butcher cover as a protest against Capitol Records' "butchering" of their album releases in America.	false
The Beatles recorded songs entitled "Colliding Circles," "Left Is Right (And Right Is Wrong)," "Pink Litmus Paper Shirt," and "Deckchair," all of which remain unreleased to this day.	false
The Allman Brothers Band's album title Eat a Peach is a reference to Duane Allman's fatal motorcycle accident.	false
The Allman Brothers Band's album title Eat a Peach is a reference to Duane Allman's fatal motorcycle accident.	false
Marvin Gaye deliberately recorded a wretched album designed to sell poorly in order to cheat his ex-wife out of royalties.	false
The Byrds fired David Crosby in the middle of recording an album, then replaced him with a picture of a horse on its cover.	false
The back of an early Beatles album contains a risqu mistake.	true
The group KISS took their name from an acronym for 'Knights in Satan's Service.'	false
John Lennon deliberately chose the song title Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds because the initial letters of key words form the acrostic "LSD".	false
A record label inadvertently mistitled the U.S. version of the Electric Light Orchestra's debut album because of a misunderstood phone message.	true
The Ohio Players' recording of the song "Love Rollercoaster" includes the scream of a murdered woman.	false
Michael Jackson's phone number was hidden in the Thriller album cover.	false
Columbia Records mistakenly released a Byrds album without a title.	true
Some "multi-sided" records have two or more grooves per side, causing them to play different material depending upon where the stylus is cued each time.	true
The Library of Congress is transferring its entire audio collection to 78 RPM platters.	false
Coating the edges of a compact disc with a green marking pen will noticeably improve its sound quality.	false
A Philadelphia doctor can identify the contents of phonograph records merely by examining the grooves.	true
The Tommy Tutone song "867-5309/Jenny" prompted a flood of calls to that phone number.	true
The Tom Petty song "American Girl" was based on a student's suicide at the University of Florida.	false
A song appearing on the final Byrds album was sung by a roadie.	false
The Bob Dylan song 'Blowin' in the Wind' was actually written by a New Jersey high school student.	false
Jan Berry of Jan & Dean had a near-fatal automobile accident on the very same road the duo had sung about in their hit "Dead Man's Curve."	false
The Alicia Keys song "Diary" prompted a deluge of calls to her old phone number.	true
The Allman Brothers Band's album title Eat a Peach is a reference to Duane Allman's fatal motorcycle accident.	false
The lyrics of James Taylor's "Fire and Rain" chronicle his reaction to the death of his girlfriend in a plane crash.	false
The Creedence Clearwater Revival song "Fortunate Son" was inspired by Al Gore, Jr.	false
The Eagles song Hotel California is about Satanism.	false
Phil Collins wrote the song 'In the Air Tonight' after witnessing an incident in which a man refused to come to the aid of a drowning swimmer.	false
The lyrics to the song "Louie Louie" are really obscene.	false
The Boomtown Rats song "I Don't Like Mondays" was inspired by a deadly shooting at a school.	true
Paul Simon took the title of his song "Mother and Child Reunion" from the name of a chicken-and-egg dish he spotted on a Chinese restaurant's menu.	true
The title of the David Crosby song "Page 43" is a reference to the New Testament.	false
The Peter, Paul & Mary tune "Puff, the Magic Dragon" is a coded song about marijuana.	false
The melody known as 'Taps' was found in the pocket of a dying boy on a Civil War battlefield.	false
A pizza delivery man played the piano part on the Bachman-Turner Overdrive hit "Takin' Care of Business."	false
The Eric Clapton song "Tears in Heaven" is a tribute to Conor Clapton, Eric's pre-school son, who died in an accident in 1991.	true
A video depicts Muslim refugees in the Netherlands beating a teen girl because they don't approve of her Western attire.	false
Photograph depicts Muslim women in the United States with anti-American phrases (such as "Down With U.S.A") written on their hands.	false
Japan has been able to keep Islam at bay by enforcing strict laws on Muslims.	false
A photograph shows a rare Nagapushpa flower that blooms only once every 36 years.	false
Two photographs of the earth taken by NASA in 1978 and 2012 document the dramatic effects of deforestation in North America.	false
The first issue of National Geographic following a takeover by Rupert Murdoch indicates a deviation from the magazine's science-based content.	mostly false
A Navy officer was arrested for "abuse of public animal" and "drunken or reckless driving" after he used a raccoon to bypass an ignition interlock system.	false
The "Minions" in the film Despicable Me were inspired by photographs of young Nazi poison gas test subjects?	false
A woman sued Netflix after her daughter got pregnant during a "Netflix N Chill" date.	false
Citizens of the United States have been banned from entering the Netherlands.	false
Photographs show a new killer insect that is able to spread a skin-altering virus when touched.	false
A photograph shows three buildings in New York decorated with window crosses for Easter in 1956.	true
McDonald's is introducing The Nightmare Before Christmas Happy Meals in October 2015.	false
People are displaying a poster threatening to withhold candy from trick-or-treaters wearing "bigoted" costumes such as a soldier, cop, or pirate.	false
Hillary Clinton said that she would shut down the NRA and ban handguns if she were elected President.	false
The FBI warned people not to use New York City Subways due to a pending attack.	false
A photograph shows President Obama wearing an Aleister Crowley shirt.	false
President Obama has signed an executive order banning the possession and sale of Confederate flags.	false
President Obama ordered "behavioral experiments" be carried out on the American people.	mostly false
A photograph shows President Obama holding a rocket launcher in a car with Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.	false
President Obama has changed the Oath of Allegiance for naturalized citizens.	mostly false
A federal court has formally charge President Obama with treason.	false
President Obama and the FCC fined ABC for airing A Charlie Brown Christmas because it was offensive to non-Christians.	false
President Obama has admitted to forging his birth certificate.	false
A former Secret Service agent revealed in a tell-all book that President Obama is Muslim and gay.	false
President Obama "scrambled" to ensure a proper Islamic burial for the San Bernardino shooters.	false
President Obama said that "if we pass more gun laws, crime will go away."	false
President Obama achieved the lowest IQ score among all U.S. presidents of the last 100 years.	false
President Obama has signed a bill lowering the age of sexual consent to 13, effective March 2016.	false
President Obama signed a bill barring the media from naming mass shooting suspects.	false
President Obama has issued an order banning U.S. military personnel from using the word "Christmas."	false
President Obama opened FEMA's "first" concentration camp in Wilcox, Arizona with plans to detain conservatives.	false
President Obama has issued an executive order granting a $2,350 dollar tax rebate to every American who filed a tax return for 2014.	false
Bill Cosby has received a pardon from President Obama for all "current and future" sexual assault charges.	false
President Obama has ordered the phrase "under God" to be removed from the Pledge of Allegiance.	false
President Obama is compiling a secret race database comprising Americans' sensitive personal data.	mostly false
President Obama has "suspended" the Second Amendment.	false
President Obama has signed as executive order limiting Americans to ownership of three guns each.	false
President Obama blamed Virginia shooter Vester Lee Flanagan's actions on "white privilege."	false
An obese woman was arrested for starving her seven children in order to feed herself.	false
Workplaces are banning ham, sausages, and other pork foods because Muslims are offended by them.	false
Storing batteries in a refrigerator or freezer will improve their performance.	false
Chewing gum takes seven years to pass through the human digestive system.	false
Lemon Fresh Joy (a dishwashing liquid), Listerine (a mouthwash), and limes with cloves will repeal mosquitoes or knock them dead from the sky.	false
Earthquakes are most likely to happen when the weather is hot and dry.	false
Cut flowers and potted plants suck the oxygen from sickrooms.	false
Hair grows back darker or thicker after it has been shaved.	false
Those who go swimming less than one hour after eating will be taken by a cramp and drown.	false
Home remedies to repel mosquitoes are effective ways to defend yourself from West Nile Virus.	false
An effective cure for warts is to have someone "buy" them from you.	false
A photograph of an Ontario driver's license with a woman wearing a face-covering hijab is real.	false
The zodiac is about to change to include a "new" star sign, Ophiuchus.	false
Oprah Winfrey purchased the television channel BET for $800 million dollars, pledging to make it "for black people again."	false
Oprah is pregnant with her first child at 61.	false
SeaWorld houses orcas in plastic bags while their tanks are cleaned.	false
The Secret Service received a credible threat against Orland Square Mall in Orland Park, Illinois.	false
Idaho Governor Clement Leroy "Butch" Otter said that poor people were genetically inferior to rich people.	false
Dozens of nature words were removed from the Oxford Junior Dictionary in order to make room for modern technology-related words.	true
A Colorado woman comforted a teenaged Walmart cashier whose mother had committed suicide that morning.	false
Televangelist Pat Robertson said gay people should wear specific colors so they can be easily identified by straight people.	false
Governor Paul LePage said that the "worst possible thing" you can do for the homeless is to offer them food and shelter.	false
Congressman Paul Ryan only worked 97 days in 2014.	false
Video shows a truck destroying the canopy over a bank's drive-through lane.	true
Photograph shows a car plowing into a group of cyclists.	true
Photographs show the passenger cabin of an airliner as it broke up in mid-air.	false
Photographs show a toppled crane that fell through the first floor of a building under construction.	true
Photographs show a truck that crashed through a highway barrier and skirted a culvert on the edge of a cliff.	true
Photographs show a deer that crashed through the windshield of a Dodge Durango.	true
Video shows a woman being hit by a car after she flees her home from a prank intruder.	false
Photographs show an SUV impaled by a guardrail.	true
Video captures a DEA agent who accidentally shot himself while conducting a presentation on gun safety.	true
Photographs show a hoe excavator that crashed into a highway overpass.	true
Photographs show a bridge that collapsed when movers tried to pull a house across it.	true
Photograph shows police cruiser crushed between two trucks.	true
Photograph shows a girl killed in a drunk-driving accident, with accompanying text recording her last words.	false
Video clip shows a man being struck by lightning twice.	false
Photograph shows man falling from a skyscraper while occupants grasp at him through a window.	false
Video clip shows drunken Russian coal miners being interviewed about an on-the-job accident.	false
Photographs show the results of a car vs. moose accident in Ontario.	true
Video shows a car striking another vehicle in an intersection, sending the second car careening into a pedestrian.	true
Video shows a truck pushing an automobile trapped in front of its grille.	true
Video clip shows a television reporter being run over by a car.	false
Video clip shows an automobile accident on a Russian highway.	true
Video clip shows a Russia's Got Talent contestant accidentally shooting his partner in the head with an arrow.	false
Photographs show the aftermath of a motorcycle-automobile collision.	mostly true
Photograph shows an automobile crushed in a New Orleans accident.	true
Video shows a driver being thrown from his car in a collision and being run over by oncoming traffic.	true
Series of photographs shows a towboat rolling under a bridge and emerging from the other side.	true
Photographs show a train that set a wooden bridge on fire.	true
Photographs show a motorcyclist who crashed into the back of a truck.	true
Video clip shows a wind turbine exploding during high winds.	true
Video clip shows a wrecking ball smashing into a passing van.	false
Video shows a woman getting eaten by an alligator while posing for a photograph along a riverbank.	false
Video shows a ball girl making an amazing catch at a minor league baseball game.	false
Video clip shows police ignoring a getaway car full of bank robbers.	false
A series of photographs shows a restaurant's 6-pound hamburger offering.	true
Video clip shows a hapless bungee jumper get his head bitten off by a crocodile.	false
A television show captured video of men who were tricked into catcalling their own mothers.	false
Video clip shows a chameleon changing colors to match sunglass frames.	false
Photographs show a Ford Mustang ad campaign utilizing semi-transparent billboards.	false
Image shows a 1980s advertisement offering a free U2 album with every cassette player purchase.	false
A complicated Honda Accord commercial was achieved without the use of computer-generated images.	true
Honda commercial advises customers to switch to hybrid cars because it will mean "less money for terror."	false
Humble Oil ran an advertisement back in 1962 boasting how they could melt 7 million tons of glacier every day.	true
Image shows a recalled advertisement for Intel processors.	true
Video shows Jeff Gordon pranking a car salesman with a wild test drive.	false
Video shows a beachgoer being snatched by a killer whale.	false
An airliner was saved by a pickup truck after its landing gear malfunctioned.	false
Powerade commercial shows footage of basketball star Lebron James sinking a series of extraordinarily long shots.	false
Video shows Tampa Bay infielder Evan Longoria making an amazing bare-handed catch during an interview.	false
Video clip shows a Russian 'Candid Camera' style mailbox prank gone horribly awry.	false
Video clip shows a man shooting down a waterslide, flying off a ramp, and landing in a small wading pool.	false
Video clip shows a meteorite striking a pickup truck in the desert.	false
Image shows an advertisement from the Virginia Beach SPCA thanking quarterback Michael Vick for his assistance in rescuing pit bulls.	false
Video clip shows martial arts star Bruce Lee playing ping-pong using nunchaku.	false
The Ruby Tuesday restaurant chain accidentally demolished a competitor's restaurant.	false
Photographs show shopping bags adorned with clever artwork.	true
Video shows a seal being grabbed by a shark as it was being re-released into the ocean.	false
A banned commercial for Sprite soft drink features a suggestive sex act.	false
Video shows a man who jumped from an airplane without a parachute and survived by landing on a trampoline.	false
Commercial produced by Volkswagen employs suicide bomber imagery.	false
WD-40 released a print advertisement in 1964 that was full of sexual innuendo.	false
Photographs show prototype of a new F/A-37 "Talon" military plane.	false
Photograph shows a new Boeing 797 blended-wing airliner.	false
Photograph shows an in-flight airliner with panels missing from one of its engines.	true
Photographs show an F-15 fighter jet breaking up in mid-air.	false
Photograph shows an F/A-18 Hornet flying past a Detroit apartment building.	true
Video clip shows an F-35 executing a vertical flip on takeoff.	false
Photograph shows an American Airlines airliner with an engine on fire.	false
Photographs show a desert memorial constructed to honor the victims of UTA Flight 772.	true
Photograph shows small plane crashed into a tree next to a sign advertising flight lessons.	true
Photograph shows airline hangar flooded with soap suds.	false
Photograph shows military jets in formation spelling out an obscene phrase.	false
Photographs show a "hotelicopter," a helicopter which houses a flying 18-cabin hotel.	false
Photograph shows large military transport plane stuck atop a freeway overpass.	true
Photographs show an airliner with a 'Flying 101' exterior design.	true
Photograph shows missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370.	false
Photograph shows a Mandarin Airlines flight taxiing past the charred remains of a crashed airliner.	true
Photograph shows debris scene of shot-down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17.	false
Video shows Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashing.	false
Video clip shows an airplane making a safe landing after losing a wing.	false
Video clip shows Marc Ecko tagging Air Force One.	false
Photograph shows a seven-headed snake.	false
Photographs show an albino ruby-throated hummingbird.	true
Photographs show ducklings that survived a 10-foot jump from an office building in downtown Spokane.	true
Video shows an orangutan using sign language to ask for help in stopping the destruction of its habitat.	false
Photographs show a bear trapped beneath a combine.	true
Photographs show wild bears posing with humans on the grounds around an Alaska cottage.	true
Photographs show a bear rescued from the ledge of a bridge with a net.	true
Image captures a bear seconds before it mauled its photographer to death.	false
Photograph shows an enormous 89 lb., 69-inch mutant cat raised by a Canadian man.	false
Photograph shows a woman holding a large domestic cat.	true
Photographs show a Florida man with an 1100-lb. hog he shot.	true
Photographs show a black white-tailed deer fawn.	true
Photograph shows a rare black lion.	false
Photograph shows a newly-discovered snake species known as the Texas Bonnet Rattlesnake.	false
Photograph shows a bobcat pulling a shark from the ocean.	true
Photographs show a bull being transported in an automobile.	true
Photograph shows a man gored in the leg by a bull.	true
Tourist's last photograph is a close-up of a charging bull.	false
Photograph shows overhead view of shadows cast by camels in the desert.	true
Photographs show a chopped-up snake found by a motorist on his engine block.	true
Photographs show thieving birds stealing quarters from a car wash.	true
Photographs show a large catfish with a basketball stuck in its mouth.	true
Photograph shows a 280-pound catfish caught by an Italian fisherman.	true
Photograph shows a half-black, half-tabby "chimera cat."	true
Video clip shows the reunion of two men with Christian, a lion they had raised as a cub.	true
An aerial photograph shows a giant 50-foot crab off the coast of Whitstable, UK.	false
Photograph shows Cyclopes, a kitten born with a single cyclopic eye.	true
Photographs show a one-eyed shark fetus.	true
Images show a dragon with fluffy white rabbit fur that was shot dead in Malaysia.	false
Video shows dolphins creating and playing with bubble rings.	true
Photograph shows a drop bear cub being fed human blood.	false
Photograph shows an eagle taking a fox away from a partially-eaten carcass.	true
Video shows an eagle attempting to snatch a child from a park.	false
Photographs show a brown bear that was electrocuted when it chewed through a power line.	true
Photographs show an angry elephant overturning an automobile in a game reserve.	true
Photographs show a bipedal dog named Faith.	true
A fanged deer was spotted in Afghanistan.	true
Photographs show a snake trapped by an electrified fence.	true
Photographs show Finnegan, a squirrel adopted into a litter of puppies.	true
Video clip shows fish jumping into a boat.	true
A flying horse was captured on video above Jeddah.	false
Photograph shows a fox amidst a group of dogs.	false
Photographs show Freedom, an injured bald eagle nursed back to health by a cancer survivor.	true
Photograph shows a fisherman in Wisconsin holding a furry trout.	false
Photos show an alligator swimming across a lake with a deer clutched in its jaws.	true
The satanic leaf-tailed gecko has wings like a dragon.	false
Photographs shows a giant, man-eating catfish caught in a Chinese reservoir.	false
Photographs show 'Giant George,' a 7-foot long Blue Great Dane.	true
Photograph shows a 17-lb., 3-foot German Giant rabbit.	true
Photograph shows a 57-pound, pet-eating Sonoran Desert Toad.	false
Photograph shows a giraffe climbing a tall tree.	false
Photograph shows the only known golden zebra in existence, living at an animal sanctuary in Hawaii.	false
Photograph shows golfers fleeing from the approach of a grizzly bear.	true
A puppy-sized spider was spotted in the South American rainforest.	true
Photographs show a puppy with a heart-shaped pattern in its coat.	true
Photograph shows Hercules, the world's biggest dog.	false
Photograph shows a baby hippo and a giant tortoise who became friends in captivity.	true
Photograph shows a horse whose coat spells out the word 'horse.'	false
Photographs show a woman hand-feeding hummingbirds.	true
Photographs show wolves killed in Idaho.	false
Photographs show Jasmine, a greyhound who cares for other animals at a wildlife sanctuary.	true
Video shows a killer whale landing on (and capsizing) a kayak.	false
Video clip shows host Jimmy Kimmel being bitten by a venomous snake on the set of his talk show.	false
Photograph shows a king brown snake in Australia.	false
Photographs show a liger named Hercules.	true
Photographs show a domestic cat sporting a "lion cut."	true
Photograph shows lions resting in the shade of an airplane's wing.	true
Photograph shows a lion, tiger, and bear that live together in the same enclosure at an animal sanctuary.	true
Photographs show a coyote that survived an eight-hour trip wedged behind a car bumper.	true
Photographs show Molly, a horse with a prosthetic leg.	true
Photograph shows a Southeast African monkey from Madagascar.	false
Photograph shows a moose mounting a statue of a bison.	true
Photographs show a large mountain lion hit by a truck and killed in Arizona.	true
Photograph shows an orca whale attacking a black bear.	false
Photographs show two cute owlets sitting in a tree.	false
Photograph shows a parachutist about to drop into a pond surrounded by dangerous-looking reptiles.	false
Photograph shows a "pigfish" with distinctively porcine ears and snout.	false
Photographs show a pink albino bottlenose dolphin.	true
Photographs show four black bears cavorting on a backyard playset in Alaska.	true
Photographs show an encounter between a polar bear and some sled dogs.	true
Photographs show a deer atop a communications pole.	true
Photograph shows a moose hanging from power cables.	true
Photographs show the aftermath of a dog vs. porcupine encounter.	true
Photograph shows a shark swimming down a big-city highway after a hurricane or heavy rains.	false
Photograph shows a python that ate a drunken man in India.	false
Photograph shows a raccoon carrying a lost kitten.	false
Photograph shows a cat jumping out of a raft.	false
Photograph shows a rainbow owl that dwells in the U.S. and China.	false
Photographs show a mass migration of rays in the Gulf of Mexico.	true
Photographs show Rupert, a deer delivered by Caesarean section.	true
Photograph shows scuba-diving tourists with a large shark looming behind them.	false
Video clip shows a seagull snatching a bag of Doritosfrom a shop.	true
Photograph shows a shark attacking a British Navy diver.	false
Photograph shows a shark attacking a British Navy diver.	false
Photograph shows a kayaker being trailed by a Great White shark.	true
A shark developed an affection for the fisherman who saved her life.	false
Photograph shows sharks swimming at the bottom of an escalator after the collapse of a shark tank.	false
Photograph shows the skeleton of a monster snake known as a Titanoboa.	false
A species of cephalopod known as the Pacific Northwest Tree Octopus can live on both land and water.	false
Photograph shows the winner of a "World's Ugliest Dog" contest.	true
Photograph shows a woodpecker with a weasel on its back.	true
Photograph shows a kayaker crossing the gaping jaw of a humpback whale.	false
Photograph shows the enormous phallus of a blue whale.	false
Photographs show a black bear with a white cub.	true
Photograph shows a moose harnessed to haul timber.	false
Photographs show a half-ton shark caught in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia.	true
Photographs show a mansion belonging to Filipino senator Manny Villar.	false
Photograph shows the roller coaster-like Eshima Ohashi Bridge in Japan.	true
Photographs show amenities provided to employees at the offices of Google.	true
Photograph shows a half toilet in the Olympic city of Sochi, Russia.	false
Photographs show an indoor skiing facility in the desert city of Dubai.	true
Photographs show a high-rise construction site flooded by waters from a nearby marina.	true
Photograph shows an abandoned house in England sitting atop of a very skinny rock formation.	false
Photograph shows a library facade lined with giant-sized representations of books.	true
Photographs show the world's largest swimming pool.	true
Photograph shows a panoramic view of a long, tall bridge spanning a valley.	true
Photographs show a mansion belonging to Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe.	false
Photographs show a dwelling made from an airplane.	mostly true
Photographs show the new Cook County Correctional Center prison facility in Chicago, Illinois.	false
Photograph shows a "redneck mansion" composed of several linked trailers.	false
Photograph shows a circular bridge.	true
Illustrations show a proposed Grand Canyon skywalk.	true
Photographs show the beachfront home of golfer Tiger Woods.	false
Photographs show an undersea restaurant.	true
Photograph shows a water-channel bridge in Germany.	true
Photograph shows a bathroom with an unusually painted floor.	false
Video captures a magician performing the "greatest card trick ever."	false
Video clip shows a Swedish policeman dancing on the job.	false
Photographs show furniture and a floating automobile carved from wood.	true
Image shows a poster for an upcoming film biography of Walt Disney.	false
The "giant head" moai statues on Easter Island actually have bodies as well.	true
Photograph shows a rare, recently discovered trans-species of human-dog hybrid.	false
Slideshow presents photorealistic paintings by an artist named Anna Kostenko.	false
Photographs show amazing micro-sculptures created by Willard Wigan.	true
Video clip shows a music-playing "farm machine" built at the University of Iowa.	false
Photographs show a variety of cats adorned with $15,000 paint jobs.	false
Photographs show murals created in planted rice fields.	true
Photographs show lifelike sculptures of humans in varying scales created by artist Ron Mueck.	true
Video clip shows 92-year-old Ginger Rogers dancing the salsa with her great-grandson.	false
Video clip shows an elementary school stage production of Scarface .	false
Photographs show shopping bags adorned with clever artwork.	true
Photographs show 3D-like sidewalk paintings done in chalk.	true
Photograph shows artwork around the urinals of a men's restroom at a hotel in Queenstown, New Zealand.	true
Photographs show a public toilet made with one-way glass walls.	true
Video clip shows an elementary school stage production of Scarface .	false
An autistic artist drew a rendering of the New York skyline from memory after a 20-minute helicopter ride.	true
Video captures home Christmas light display synchronized to musical score.	true
Photographs show a barn full of vintage automobiles discovered by the purchaser of a Portuguese farmhouse.	false
Photograph shows workmen who have accidentally trapped their van within a barrier of bollards.	false
Photographs show a woman trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border hidden inside a car's dashboard.	true
Police car video records motorist suspected of DUI being subjected to some wacky sobriety tests.	false
A getaway car was struck by lightning after its occupants robbed a church.	false
Photograph shows small car loaded down with hundreds of pounds of lumber and other building supplies.	true
Photographs show photo radar units concealed in wheeled bins.	true
Photograph shows a traffic speed measurement unit embedded in a guardrail.	true
A photograph shows a Texas plumbing company's truck in the hands of a militant group in Syria.	true
Photographs show thousands and thousands of unsold new cars deteriorating in storage lots until they are scrapped.	false
Photographs show an expensive yacht capsizing during transport.	true
Photograph shows a 2000-horsepower drug-smuggling boat with eight outboard motors.	true
Photograph shows golfer Tiger Woods' new yacht.	false
Photograph shows a 9-month-old baby tattooed by its mother's boyfriend.	false
Photographs show examples of a body modification practice known as corset piercing.	true
Florida woman Jasmine Tridevil underwent surgery to add a third breast.	false
A woman sued her ex-boyfriend for surreptitiously tattooing a pile of excrement on her back.	false
A current trend among teens is having their mouths sewn shut.	false
Photograph shows a split tongue body modification with a zipper installed.	false
Photograph shows a furry albino tarantula.	false
Photograph shows a "happy face spider."	true
Photographs show giant mutant spiders produced by government DNA experiments in Missouri.	false
Photographs show a new species of "giant sea spider" recently discovered in the Antarctic.	false
Photographs show a spider devouring a snake caught in its web.	true
Photograph shows the killer Volat-Araneus "flying spider" due to migrate to the UK this year.	false
Photograph shows a Giant Hawaiian Cane Spider on the side of a house.	false
A series of photographs shows a restaurant's 6-pound hamburger offering.	true
Video clip shows bungee jumper whose head is bitten off by a crocodile.	false
Powerade commercial shows footage of basketball star Lebron James sinking a series of extraordinarily long shots.	false
Photographs show the proceeds from drug sales found during a raid of Mexican drug dealers' residence.	true
Video shows a 2-year-old girl who had been given the drug Ecstasy.	false
Photograph shows an ISIS terrorist arrested in Houston.	false
Photographs show Asian law enforcement officials negotiating with (and shooting) a suspect who was holding children hostage.	true
A Google Maps image captured a furtive body disposal.	false
Video shows a girl pulling puppies from a bucket and throwing them into a river.	true
Photograph shows a can of garlic-flavored Coca-Cola being test-marketed in Romania.	false
Photograph shows a can containing "fish assholes."	false
Nabisco has announced they will be producing Fried Chicken Oreos.	false
Photograph shows how to distinguish a GMO hard-boiled egg from an organic one.	false
Photograph shows a package of NTUC FairPrice pork labeled as "halal."	false
Memo from a McDonald's director advocates making a policy of omitting items from customers' drive-through orders.	false
Photograph shows a blue Japanese fruit known as "moon melon."	false
A mixture of hydrogen peroxide, baking soda, and Mountain Dew will produce a brilliant glow.	false
Photograph shows a frog in a jar of pickles.	false
Photographs show multi-colored 'rainbow grapes.'	mostly false
Nabisco is producing Red Velvet Oreos for Valentine's Day 2015.	true
Photograph shows a young woman who was disfigured when her bong exploded.	false
Photograph shows a chupacabra's head on a fence.	false
Photograph shows a dog injured by fireworks placed in its mouth.	true
Photographs show a boy having his arm crushed under a truck as a punishment for stealing bread.	false
Photographs show a man decapitated by a wrought-iron fence while fleeing from police.	true
Photograph shows two men who each lost an arm in a grisly tug-of-war contest.	true
Photograph shows a suicide victim stepping off the Eiffel Tower just before plunging to his death.	false
Photograph shows fingers damaged from too much mouse and keyboard use.	false
Photograph shows children who beheaded their mother on Halloween.	false
Photograph shows a white businessman posing with the body of a little black boy he hunted for sport in Africa.	false
Video shows a suspect in a police shooting committing suicide in an interview room.	true
Night-vision video documents the bizarre existence of a teenage mutant known as "Rubber Johnny."	false
Photographs show the victim of a shark attack.	true
Photographs show a motorcyclist who crashed into the back of a truck.	true
Video demonstrates that 6-volt lantern batteries contain 32 AA batteries.	false
Image captures a cheerleader defecating in mid-air as her horrified teammates watch.	false
A frustrated Chick-Fil-A manager created and posted a list of slang words employees were banned from using in his restaurant.	mostly false
School photograph shows a boy segregated from his class because he is Jewish.	false
Photographs show an unusually colored buck taken by a hunter.	true
Photographs show female hunters posing with the bodies of giraffes they've killed.	true
Photographs show a live deer pulled out of the water by fisherman.	true
Photograph shows an elk hunter being stalked by a mountain lion.	false
A Newfoundland diver snapped an underwater photograph of an enormous iceberg.	false
Photograph shows a 12-week-old fetus.	false
Photograph shows a breast rash caused by South American larvae.	false
A graphic image depicts a grieving father with the body of his daughter after she put a phone charger in her mouth and was electrocuted.	false
An ultrasound video shows an unborn child clapping along to music.	mostly false
CNN reported that Ebola has been found in packages of hair extensions.	false
Photograph shows a patient who received a severe penile burn from urinating on an electric fence.	false
Photograph shows a man with a nose growing on his forehead.	true
Photographs show a boy whose nose has been impaled with a fork.	true
Image shows an x-ray of a man with a fork in his urethra.	true
X-ray image documents a case of a penile fracture.	false
Photograph shows a KKK member being treated by an all-black emergency room staff.	false
Photographs show an infant Egyptian girl with a second head.	true
Photographs show a bizarre-looking baby born in Nepal.	true
Photograph shows a Vietnamese child with physical abnormalities attributed to Agent Orange.	true
Photograph shows a student with cerebral palsy who was left alone apart from the rest of the choir during a school performance in which he was supposed to take part.	true
Photographs show a USAF airman marshaling a jet in a non-standard, revealing outfit.	true
Photograph shows Brutus, a canine Medal of Honor recipient.	false
Photograph shows a defiantly-posed U.S. Marine injured in a bomb blast in Iraq.	true
Photograph shows a U.S. Marine wounded in Afghanistan.	true
Photograph shows sailors spelling out the words 'FUCK IRAQ' on the deck of a U.S. aircraft carrier.	false
Photograph shows U.S. Air Force jets celebrating a Supreme Court ruling regarding the Defense of Marriage Act.	false
Photograph shows soldier shaking hands with Sen. Hillary Clinton while crossing his fingers.	true
Photograph shows the first female Air Force aerial gunner.	true
Photograph shows an eagle perched atop a gravestone in a military cemetery.	true
Photograph shows a tearful World War II veteran embracing a wounded Marine.	true
Photograph shows a U.S. airman comforting an injured Iraqi child.	true
Photograph shows U.S. soldier in Iraq growing grass from gardening supplies sent by his wife.	true
Video shows a Syrian "hero boy" walking into sniper fire and playing dead to save a young girl.	false
Photographs show a Texas funeral procession for a soldier killed in Iraq.	true
Photographs show an NFL pre-game Veterans Day tribute not aired by ESPN.	true
Vintage color photograph from 1941 shows the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.	false
Photograph shows a formation of jets spelling out 'USA' over Randolph Air Force Base.	false
Photographs show a mass re-enlistment ceremony held in Iraq on the Fourth of July in 2008.	true
Photograph shows a helicopter making a rooftop landing in Afghanistan.	true
Photograph shows members of Seal Team Six.	false
Photographs show a U.S. soldier who was shot in the face in Iraq.	true
Images show the USS New York, a ship built using steel from the World Trade Center.	true
Photograph shows a pregnant woman waiting to welcome home a military husband who couldn't have fathered the child she's carrying.	false
Photograph shows Christmas wreaths laid at headstones in Arlington National Cemetery.	true
Photograph shows the wedding of a disfigured Marine.	true
Rock formation reveals praying figures of a mother and child when viewed sideways.	false
Photograph shows clouds forming a strikingly realistic image of a teddy bear.	false
Photograph captures wildlife fleeing a fire in Bitterroot Forest, Montana.	true
Photographs show a volcanic lightning storm in Chile.	true
Photograph snapped during a tornado shows a Cthulhu-like tentacled figure in the sky.	false
Photographs shows a "Devil's Swimming Pool" on the edge of Victoria Falls.	true
Photographs show monuments in Egypt covered with snow after a freak storm.	false
Photograph shows a "fire rainbow" over Idaho.	true
Photograph shows a flower-splashed hillside in California.	true
Photographs show Nevada's colorful Fly Geyser	true
Photograph shows a tornado that hit Rome, Georgia, in March 2012.	false
Photograph shows God's hands in a cloud formation.	false
A Newfoundland diver snapped an underwater photograph of an enormous iceberg.	false
A video shows two hikers walking on a lake of crystal clear ice.	true
Photographs show vehicles in Chicago encrusted with ice from severe cold weather.	false
Photographs show a tree in India with a trunk that naturally grows animal-shaped figures.	false
Photograph shows Hurricane Irene hitting the coast of North Carolina.	false
Photographs show the approach of Hurricane Isabel in 2003.	false
Photograph snapped during a Korean War bombing raid shows an image of Jesus in the clouds.	false
Photograph shows a tornado that hit Kentucky in March 2012.	false
Photograph shows a long-exposure shot of lightning striking a tree.	false
Photograph shows a triple waterspout associated with the storms of Hurricane Lili.	false
Photographs taken from a yacht show a volcanic eruption at sea.	true
Photograph shows the North Pole at sunset.	false
Photographs show the Statue of Liberty amidst a hurricane.	false
Photograph taken in west Texas shows a tornado funnel and lightning bolt alongside a drilling rig.	false
Photographs show the "parrot plant," a plant whose flowers resemble a parrot in flight.	true
Photograph shows a tornado sucking up a rainbow.	false
Photographs show a sandstorm in Iraq.	true
Various photographs capture images of Hurricane Sandy from October 2012.	false
Photographs show foam that blanketed an Australian shoreline.	true
Photograph taken in west Texas shows a tornado funnel and lightning bolt alongside a drilling rig.	false
Photographs show a collection of snowrollers formed in Idaho.	true
Photographs show Hurricane Katrina hitting the Gulf Coast in August 2005.	false
Photograph shows a tornado striking the coastal city of New Plymouth in New Zealand.	false
Photographs show a townhouse filled 70,000 discarded beer cans and boxes.	true
Former Lockheed Martin engineer Boyd Bushman provided evidence of human contact with alien life before his death in August 2014.	false
A Dollar Store princess wand called the "Evilstick" has a hidden image of a "demonic" girl cutting her wrists.	true
The skeleton of a giant human was uncovered during gas exploration in Saudi Arabia.	false
Photograph shows giant humanoid skulls discovered after an earthquake in South America.	false
Video captures a 'creepy gnome' that has frightened residents of an Argentine town.	false
Video clip shows UFOs over Haiti.	false
Photograph shows an Arizona man who keeps his dead wife's corpse in a glass-enclosed coffee table.	false
Photographs show the discovery of mermaid-like sea creature.	false
Photograph purportedly shows Ronald McDonald being carried off by two police officers.	true
The Sears web site briefly offered a "body part roaster" grill for cooking babies.	true
Video clip shows a middle-aged woman punching another woman in the mouth.	true
Photographs show square watermelons.	true
Photograph shows the sun forming a cross-like shape on a large flag displayed in Arizona.	true
Photograph shows a USA-shaped maze carved in a cornfield by a farmer.	true
Photograph shows a 740' x 390' floral flag made of larkspur.	true
Photographs show a rock painted with patriotic scenes alongside an Iowa highway.	true
Photograph shows U.S. soldiers forming a giant Statue of Liberty figure.	true
Photographs show a "Thank you for freedom" message plowed into a field near Offutt AFB.	true
A photograph from the 1920s shows a group of women listening to a lecture about sex.	false
Photographs show actresses Jennifer Aniston and Courteney Cox Arquette at a christening.	true
Photographs show the winner of Thailand's Miss Transvestite Contest.	false
Photographs show the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton matching up with images from 'Cinderella.'	false
Photographs show Dobri Dobrev, a 98-year-old man in Sofia who collects money for the restoration of monasteries and churches.	true
Photograph shows Albert Einstein playing an electric guitar.	false
Video clip shows a Britain's Got Talent contestant shooting himself after a harsh judging.	false
Photograph of man named Peter Griffin bears strong resemblance to animated character of the same name.	false
Photograph shows a combined above-water and underwater group selfie.	false
Photograph shows a white supremacist activist surrounded by smiling blacks.	true
Photograph of Michael Jackson's face taken during a court trial is real and undoctored.	true
Image shows a magazine's 1985 projection of what Michael Jackson would look like at age 40.	true
Photograph shows John F. Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe sharing an intimate moment.	false
Photographs show Katie Kirkpatrick, a 21-year-old cancer victim who passed away five days after her wedding.	true
Photograph shows a famine stricken child crawling on the ground while a vulture waits in the background.	true
Video shows a woman at a baseball game dumping a drink over her boyfriend's head because he declined to kiss her on camera.	false
A man divorced his wife after he examined a photograph of her and spotted a man hiding under her bed	false
A photograph shows a deceased Marilyn Monroe in her funeral casket.	false
Photograph shows eleven original staff members of Microsoft in 1978.	true
Video shows Miss USA contestants responding to the question of whether math should be taught in schools.	false
Photographs show a pair of black and white fraternal twin girls.	true
Photographs show a series of frighteningly emaciated models.	false
Photograph shows the moment torero lvaro M nera became an opponent of bullfights.	false
Photographs show Peng Shuilin, a Chinese man who lost the lower half of his body in an automobile accident.	true
Photograph shows a man named Brian Peppers, who was a registered sex offender in Ohio.	true
A 1955 photograph from Time magazine depicted that era's "perfect body."	false
Photograph from 1921 captures early suffragettes in bathing suits eating pizza to annoy men.	false
Photographs show Yomi Kim Hunter, a Korean-American voted the "prettiest man in Asia."	false
Photographs of Renee Zellweger taken in October 2014 are real and undoctored.	true
Photographs show activists displaying defaced U.S. and Arizona flags during a protest over an Arizona immigration law.	true
Photograph shows sign welcoming visitors to Connecticut and apologizing for President George W. Bush.	false
A photograph shows a group of black brunch protesters at a KFC in New York City.	false
Photograph shows two people hanging a banner that reads "#BlackLivesMatter: But only when they're killed by cops. Killed by each other? Not so much."	false
Photograph captures President George W. Bush holding a book upside-down in a classroom.	false
Photograph shows note scrawled by President Bush requesting a bathroom break during a U.N. meeting.	true
Photograph shows President Bush holding a telephone to his ear upside-down.	false
Photograph captures Senator Tom Daschle saluting the flag with the wrong hand.	false
Photograph shows a veteran wearing a "bullshit protector" flap over his ear during a speech by Barack Obama.	false
Photograph shows Mohammed Fazl, a Taliban prisoner exchanged for U.S. soldier Bowe Bergdahl, posing with severed heads.	false
Photograph shows a protester holding a "No mother should have to fear for her son's life every time he robs a store" sign in front of a fire station in Ferguson, Missouri.	false
New York City pedestrians ignored a freezing, homeless child for two hours.	false
Video clip shows an Australian politician being interviewed about an oil tanker spill.	false
Images show advertisements intended to encourage young people to sign up for health insurance coverage.	true
Photograph shows U.S. troops in Iraq holding up a sign mocking comments by Senator John Kerry.	true
Photograph shows the arrest of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.	false
Photograph shows Senator John Kerry shaking hands with Anton LaVey, founder of the Church of Satan.	false
Photograph shows a young Nancy Pelosi as "Miss Lube Rack" of 1959.	false
Photographs document 17-year-old shooting victim Trayvon Martin was a muscular, 6'2" man.	false
Images document a Hamas-organized mass wedding of adult men and pre-pubescent girls in the Gaza Strip.	false
Photograph shows a Mexican national flag flown above an upside-down U.S. flag during a high school student protest over immigration reform.	true
Photograph shows a Minnesota billboard bearing a picture of smiling President George W. Bush and the legend "Miss Me Yet?"	true
Video features a North Korean propaganda report on 'how Americans live today.'	false
Photograph shows a truck in Texas bearing an anti-Obama decal.	true
Photograph shows Condoleezza Rice posing with Osama bin Laden.	false
Photograph shows Sarah Palin posing in a U.S. flag bikini while holding a rifle.	false
Photograph shows Sarah Palin posing with a "Fuc_ You Michael Moore" poster.	true
Photographs show politically themed floats from a German parade.	true
Photographs show backpacks and clothing discarded at an Arizona rest area used by illegal immigrants.	true
Photograph shows a Ron Paul supporter sneaking a message into a photograph with Barack Obama.	false
Photograph shows Mount Rushmore obscured by a helicopter-suspended sheet due to the federal government shutdown.	false
Image shows Salvation Army bell ringers posing with a sign reading 'Gays Not Allowed.'	false
Photographs show anti-war activist Cindy Sheehan sitting in an empty tent at a book signing.	true
Photograph shows representatives playing solitaire on their laptop computers during a legislative session.	true
Photograph shows Alexandra Svoboda, a protester hurt during a confrontation with police in Rhode Island.	mostly true
Photograph shows a Christian woman raped and murdered by Muslims in Syria.	false
Image shows an "Ode to the Welfare State" published in a 1949 newspaper.	true
A 1942 Merrie Melodies cartoon includes a glimpse of Bug Bunny's phallus.	false
Photographs show weather and flight charts displaying phallic shapes.	true
Television news coverage of the 2007 Malibu fire displayed risqu closed captioning.	true
Photograph shows Girls Aloud posing at the Disney Kids Awards with removed underwear.	false
A seller submitted a photo of a tea kettle with a revealing reflection to an on-line auction site.	true
Photograph shows a Florida license plate that accidentally spells out a risqu phrase.	true
The April 2005 issue of Parents magazine displayed unfortunate cover placement.	false
Photograph shows a weight lifter who suffered a prolapsed rectum during a powerlifting match.	false
Durex is offering limited edition Pumpkin Spice condoms.	false
Photographs show Japanese women wearing imitation see-through skirts.	false
One of singer Janet Jackson's breasts was exposed during the halftime show at Super Bowl XXXVIII.	true
Tampax is marketing pumpkin spice tampons.	false
Photographs show golfer Tiger Woods' wife posing nude.	false
Photographs show a cactus vent cover resembling an extended middle finger installed by a homeowner to get back at his neighbors.	true
Photograph shows an unfinished Wheel of Fortune puzzle with an apparently salacious solution.	false
Illustration from withdrawn Yellow Pages ad reveals risqu image when a portion of it is viewed upside-down.	true
Photograph shows a 419.99 mile-marker sign along I-70 in Colorado.	true
A sign welcoming visitors to Amsterdam instructs obese people to keep their clothes on.	false
Photograph shows Arizona billboard poking fun at Los Angeles' decision to boycott that state over illegal immigrant legislation.	false
Austria is home to a town called 'Fucking.'	true
Photograph shows third-world protesters with mistranslated English signs.	false
Photograph shows an ATM sign which warns users that making faces into a security camera is a federal crime.	false
Aftermath of Hurricane Charley reveals message from God on billboard.	true
Photograph shows a Chicago Bears fan holding a crude sign at the 2006-07 NFC championship game.	true
Photograph shows a McDonald's sign expressing support for Chick-fil-A.	false
Photograph shows headstone marking the grave of lawyer Johnnie Cochran.	false
Photographs show a church sign debate over whether dogs go to heaven.	false
Image shows a racially contradictory sign imploring that everyone be treated equally.	false
Photographs show a gravesite adorned with a parking meter reading "TIME EXPIRED."	true
Photograph shows a store's express lane sign that illustrates the item limit with 'this many' fingers.	false
Farmer expresses dissatisfaction with crop prices by carving a message in his grain field.	true
Photographs show an 1890 gravestone with an anti-Democratic epitaph.	true
Photograph shows a store advertising "Delicious for Chanukah" hams.	true
Epitaph on headstone in Montreal cemetery forms an unflattering acrostic.	true
Hooters has banned motorcyclists from wearing club patches and colors in all of their locations.	false
Photograph shows a sign bearing an ominous threat from the group "Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America."	false
Image shows a McDonald's sign announcing a $1.50 surcharge on African-American customers.	false
Photograph shows an advisory sign explaining priority seating for Japanese metro train passengers.	false
News report shows Martin Luther King Day celebrants holding misspelled signs.	true
A plaque made for a 2002 Martin Luther King Day celebration mistakenly thanked James Earl Ray, King's assassin.	true
Photograph shows the gravestone of actor Leslie Nielsen.	true
Photograph shows playground warning sign with more restrictive wording in Spanish than in English.	true
Newspaper photograph shows a pregnant, cigarette-smoking woman worrying about the effect of construction noise on her unborn child.	true
Photograph shows a grocery receipt for steak and lobster purchased with food stamps.	true
A 1972 sign warned Irish motorists not to drive after having five pints of beer.	false
A Rite Aid store posted a sign prohibiting "same-sex activity."	false
Image shows a fourth-grade science quiz about 'Dinosaurs: Genesis and the Gospel' from a South Carolina school.	true
Letter from high school offers to allow students to make monetary donations to offset inatttendance and poor grades.	false
Billboard sponsored by the Funeral Directors Association urges viewers to commit suicide.	false
The University of Toronto is conducting a study regarding the effects of semen on human speech and is paying male volunteers $145 each to receive fellatio.	false
Photograph shows bulletin warning London Underground travelers not to run on the platforms or concourses.	false
A "Welcome to Idaho" sign warns potential criminals about gun-owning citizens.	false
Photograph shows a Westboro Baptist Church sign reading 'Ted Cruz Is Our Hero.'"	false
Photograph shows a satellite view of a blackout in eastern North America.	false
Photographs show the explosive destruction of the Space Shuttle Columbia .	false
Photograph taken during fatal Columbia mission reveals large cracks in the shuttle's wing.	false
Image shows a photograph of a solar eclipse taken from space.	false
Photograph shows a view of a solar eclipse taken from the International Space Station.	false
Photograph taken from the Space Shuttle Columbia shows sunset over Europe and Africa.	false
Photograph shows a "super moon" over California's Sequoia National Park.	false
Video captures a ball girl making an outstanding catch at a major league baseball game.	true
NBA players protesting a lack of indictment in the Eric Garner case wore T-shirts reading "I can't breath" instead of the properly spelled "I can't breathe."	false
Video shows the gymnast granddaughter of Olympic champion Nadia Comaneci.	false
Video clip captures NFL kicker Shaun Suisham booting a 110-yard practice field goal.	false
Official scorecard from the Mayweather-Pacquiao prizefight documents that the real outcome was reversed.	false
Nike captured an amazing photo of the coin toss before the 2015 College Football Playoff championship game.	false
Video shows an amazing behind-the-back return by Japanese tennis player Yoshihito Nishioka.	true
Photographs show a tennis match played atop a hotel.	true
A photograph shows a musher riding over snowless terrain during the 2014 Iditarod in Alaska.	true
Video shows a surfer catching a wave at the Sydney Opera House.	false
Screen shot from a World Cup match shows team country codes spelling out a racial pejorative.	false
Photograph shows a UFO discovered at the bottom of the Baltic Sea.	false
Photograph shows a dead woman who collects the souls of people who don't share her image.	false
Photograph shows a Bigfoot shot and killed by a hunter in San Antonio.	false
A video clip captures two angels flying over Brazil.	false
Photographs show a dead mermaid found in Bulgaria's Vladaya River.	false
Scientists have found a crystal pyramid in the Bermuda Triangle.	false
Photograph shows the remains of an 8-inch, mummified fairy found in Derbyshire.	false
Photograph of a Texas restaurant reveals the presence of a ghostly little girl.	false
Security camera footage captures a ghost in a Singapore office building's elevator.	false
Photograph shows two young boys named Jason and Jimmy Garret who disappeared from their home in 1920 after discovering a treasure map.	false
A photograph snapped by the Curiosity robotic rover captured a human shadow on the surface of Mars.	false
An Animal Planet documentary revealed the existence of mermaids.	false
Photograph shows a mermaid skeleton found in Bulgaria.	false
Photograph shows a tourist who died of fright after being photographed in the Sundarbans.	false
NASA cut a live video stream from the International Space Station just as a UFO appeared on the horizon.	false
Video clip shows a wrench being duplicated by a 3D printer.	true
You can recharge your cell phone using body electricity.	false
Video clip reveals that a digital TV converter harbors a hidden camera and microphone.	false
Video documents the existence of a never-ending "Escherian Stairwell."	false
Map issued by Australian Radiation Services shows the expected path of nuclear fallout from Fukushima across the western U.S.	false
Image shows radioactive seepage spreading across the Pacific Ocean from the Fukushima nuclear plant.	false
Video clip shows a man flying with human bird wings.	false
Photograph shows a DeWalt-manufactured "rapid fire nail gun."	false
Video clip shows a car with color-changing "paramagnetic paint."	false
Photograph shows a "radioactive"-looking sinkhole in Philadelphia.	true
Image shows "smart dust" miniaturized RFID technology developed by Hitachi.	true
Photograph shows a 1956 computer disk memory storage unit.	true
Entering secret codes on a Canon calculator enables you to play classic video games such as Tetris on it.	false
Video clip shows a mid-1960s imagining of what technology would be like in the year 1999.	true
Video news report details the finding of the fossilized remains of a giant creature in southern India.	false
Photographs show a mermaid-like creature discovered in the wake of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami.	false
Photograph shows a satellite view of the Indian Ocean tsunami.	false
Photograph shows a tsunami 1/2 second before it struck the island of Sumatra.	false
"Photograph shows a tsunami 1/2 second before it struck the island of Sumatra.	false
Photographs show the tsunami that struck Indian Ocean shorelines in Asia in December 2004.	false
Photograph shows the tsunami that struck Indian Ocean shorelines in Asia in December 2004.	false
Photograph shows a large pile of debris and corpses created by the Indian Ocean tsunami.	true
Photographs show a bride wearing a revealing beaded dress at a marriage ceremony.	true
Photographs document a "hillbilly wedding."	false
Disney has removed items featuring Piglet from their stores due to pressure from the Muslim community.	false
Robert Lewis Dear, the alleged Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood shooter, was born a woman.	false
All police cars (marked and unmarked) have "L" as the final letter of their license plates.	false
A photograph depicts chairs left in a Polish forest after a 1939 wedding was canceled due to the start of World War II.	false
President Obama has announced he will force Americans to pay slavery reparations beginning in 2016.	false
Oxford University Press has banned the use of all pig-related words in the books they publish in order to appease Muslims.	mostly false
Bette Davis landed her role in What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? through placing an ad in a Hollywood publication seeking employment as an actress.	false
The Disney Junior program Doc McStuffins aired curse words and implied swearing through the use of creative bleeps.	false
Actor Jamie Dornan has announced he will not appear in any Fifty Shades of Grey sequels.	false
All live music played anywhere in the U.S. now requires a permit from the Department of Homeland Security.	false
Britney Spears took her hit song "Oops I Did It Again" from Louis Armstrong.	false
A dress made of rotting meat was displayed as a work of art in the National Gallery in Ottawa, Canada.	true
Legislation currently under proposal would result in substantial cuts to federal funding of the NEA and other public arts programs.	false
An illustration created in response to the Charlie Hedbo attack, titled "Break one, thousand will rise," was drawn by graffiti artist Banksy.	false
Congressional recommendations currently under consideration would cut $115 million in federal funding for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.	true
List cites instances proving voter fraud in the 2012 U.S. presidential election.	false
Voters with outstanding warrants or unpaid traffic fines face arrest by undercover officers at polling places.	false
Law professor's analysis demonstrates that the results of the last presidential election correspond to a prediction about the downfall of democracy.	mostly false
Voice actress Nancy Cartwright was elected mayor of Northridge, California.	false
Voting machines in Cook County were rigged to change votes cast for Republican candidates to votes for Democratic candidates.	false
If electors from one-third of the states decline to cast Electoral College ballots, the next U.S. President will be chosen the House of Representatives	false
South Carolina exit polls asked voters whether black people had become "too demanding" on the subject of civil rights.	true
A mayoral election in Ecuador was won by a foot powder.	true
Voters in Colorado can print ballots at home and turn them over to "vote collectors."	false
Mexicans are required to have government-issued photo ID cards in order to vote in federal elections.	true
The Obama campaign is seeking to restrict military voting in Ohio.	false
Voters can cast their ballots in the November 2012 general election by telephone.	false
President Obama has sold the tabulating of votes in U.S. national elections to Scytl, a Spanish company run by a donor to his campaign.	false
Chart shows relationship between 2004 electoral vote result and voter IQ.	false
A Texas woman who cast her vote for all Democratic candidates discovered her ballot marked for Bush/Cheney.	true
All the seats in the U.S. House of Representatives will be up for election in 2010.	true
A 1967 news article reported terrorist efforts to disrupt elections in South Vietnam.	true
Ronald Reagan would have been unable to vote under current voter ID laws until 1991.	false
Article relates the plight of suffragists who were arrested for picketing the White House in 1917.	true
In 2003, President and Mrs. Bush helped hand out Christmas presents to children of inmates.	true
President Bush once referred to a reporter as a "major league asshole."	true
Canada has arrested U.S. President George W. Bush and charged him with war crimes.	false
Possessing a Certificate of Completion blocks its holder for life from serving in the armed forces, obtaining federal loans, and pursuing further education and accreditation.	false
George W. Bush once described rapper Eminem as "the most dangerous threat to American children since polio."	false
Photograph shows President Bush hugging the daughter of a 9/11 victim.	true
President Bush misspoke at a right-to-life rally and repeatedly said 'feces' instead of 'fetus.'	false
President Bush paid for the funeral of a 6-year-old boy who drowned near his ranch in Crawford, Texas.	false
President Bush has appointed W. David Hager, a physician and anti-abortion activist, to an FDA committee on reproductive drugs.	true
E-mail compares George W. Bush's eco-friendly ranch with Al Gore's energy-expending mansion.	true
Three hurricanes that hit Florida in the summer of 2004 touched only counties that voted for George Bush in the 2000 presidential election.	false
Photograph shows President Bush jogging with a serviceman who lost a leg in Afghanistan.	true
While a teenager, future First Lady Laura Bush caused the death of a classmate in a car accident.	true
President Bush is responsible for a 17% increase in Medicare premiums.	false
E-mail presents muddled comments by President Bush regarding proposed changes to Medicare/Social Security.	true
Newspaper publishes death notice requesting that memorial gifts for the deceased "be made to any organization that seeks the removal of President George Bush from office."	true
"Make the Pie Higher!" poem is composed of actual quotes from George W. Bush.	true
Transcript records President Bush's remarks to reporters at a New Mexico restaurant.	true
Photo shows Yale undergraduate George W. Bush delivering a punch to the face of a rugby opponent.	true
President Bush posed with a plastic turkey while visiting U.S. troops in Iraq on Thanksgiving in 2003.	false
The domain GeorgeWBush.com hosts the legitimate web site of President Bush's 2004 re-election campaign.	true
President George W. Bush waved at blind musician Stevie Wonder at the 2002 Presidential Gala.	false
President Bush spoke to Lindsey Yeskoo, the wife of a U.S. Foreign Service officer, after delivering a speech in Shanghai.	true
The UK hardware store B&Q warned its staff about a surge in rope, duct tape, and tie down sales before the release of the Fifty Shades of Grey movie.	false
Congress supported a bailout of AIG because that company insures the Congressional pension trust.	false
Most of the $100 million raised from ALS 'Ice Bucket Challenge' donations won't go to ALS-related research and services.	false
The U.S. has been producing the "Amero" coins, money to be used by an economic union of the USA, Canada, and Mexico.	false
The U.S. has been producing the "Amero" coins, money to be used by an economic union of the USA, Canada, and Mexico.	false
The U.S. has been producing Amero notes, currency to be used by an economic union of the USA, Canada, and Mexico.	false
Receipt of special "closed" signs by Bank of America signals that U.S. banks will soon be shut down by the government for one week.	false
At the end of 2009, Bank of America will be dropping FDIC coverage on all interest-bearing accounts.	false
The "Cap and Trade energy bill" requires that all existing real estate must meet new energy standards before it can be sold.	false
A new law just passed in Louisiana makes it illegal to purchase used items with cash in that state.	false
Dunkin' Donuts refused to contribute to a reward offered for finding the killer of a police officer who was shot in one of its stores.	false
Cell phone users must register their numbers with the national "Do Not Call" directory by a given deadline to prevent their cell phone numbers from being released to telemarketers.	false
The Chevy Volt "costs more than 7 times as much to run and takes 3 times as long to drive across country" than a standard automobile.	false
Chick-fil-A provided free food to motorists stranded during a blizzard in Birmingham, Alabama.	true
Employees at a Chipotle Mexican Grill in Brooklyn refused service to eight uniformed NYPD officers after making a "hands up, don't shoot" gesture to indicate their distaste for the policemen.	mostly false
Chipotle has stopped offering pork at its restaurants in order to appease Muslim customers.	false
Chrysler dealerships owned by Republican donors were disproportionately targeted for closure at the behest of the Obama administration.	false
Budweiser is ditching their famous Clydesdale ads in an effort to appeal to millennials.	false
Costco warehouse club stores are owned by China.	false
Gary Heavin, founder and CEO of the fitness chain Curves, supports pro-life causes.	true
DKNY used a New York street photographer's pictures without permission.	true
The U.S. government has agreed to allow China to exercise "eminent domain" as collateral for American debt.	false
Domino's Pizza financially supports Operation Rescue, an anti-abortion group.	false
E-mail reproduces a 1999 newspaper article warning about potential troubles with Fannie Mae.	true
A swastika ring was available for purchase from the Sears Marketplace.	true
The 2004 flu vaccine shortage was attributable to a lawsuit handled by Vice-Presidential candidate John Edwards.	false
The Fox News television channel has been banned in Canada because they report false information	false
Fox News won a 2004 court case allowing the cable channel to lie to viewers.	false
Oil giant Baker Hughes donated $100,000 to the Susan G. Komen Foundation and now plans to distribute 1000 pink drill bits.	true
In June 2012, 79% of General Motors' sales were made to the U.S. federal government.	false
Singer Lee Greenwood cancelled a Denver concert appearance at the last minute over a pay dispute.	true
Hostess approved large pay increases for executives while the company was preparing a bankruptcy filing.	true
NBC is refusing to promote Jamie Foxx's upcoming television special.	false
A 3-year-old girl was ordered to leave a KFC outlet because her facial injuries were disturbing to customers.	false
The Koch brothers bought NPR and stopped the broadcaster's coverage of climate change.	false
A British Krispy Kreme outlet created a "KKK Wednesday" promotion, for their "Krispy Kreme Klub".	true
Locks of Love sells most donated hair for profit and charges ailing children exorbitant amounts for wigs.	mostly false
Sophia Stewart won a large judgment in a copyright infringement suit over authorship of the film The Matrix .	false
Mondex is planning to replace money with biochips embedded in people's heads and hands.	false
List details food companies owned by Monsanto.	false
Monster brand energy drink uses a Hebrew version of 666 in their logo.	false
E-mail warns about Congress' allowing Internet providers to abandon the concept of network neutrality.	true
Images show new designs for American currency that the U.S. government is planning to introduce.	false
A Nike shoe advertisement uses imagery from a terrorist bombing.	false
Nike pulled a print ad for their Air Dri-Goat shoes because readers found it offensive to the disabled.	true
Uniforms for the 2012 U.S. Olympic team were made in China.	true
Oprah Winfrey said that restaurant customers need not tip their servers more than 10%..	false
The Food Safety Modernization Act of 2009 would eliminate home gardens and put organic farmers out of business.	mostly false
Petition addresses environmental issues associated with the Pascua-Lama mining operation in Chile.	true
The U.S. government prohibits high mileage Volkswagen Passat automobiles from being purchased by U.S. customers.	false
General Motors is resurrecting the Pontiac Firebird Trans Am for 2015.	true
The Red Lobster chain is about to close its doors and go out of business for good.	false
The Wall Street Journal ran an article about 18 factory managers executed by the Chinese government for producing flawed refrigerators.	false
A Texas Roadhouse manager requested compensation for business lost due to the fatal shooting of two police officers.	true
The Department of Homeland Security is secretly putting restrictions on what customers can remove from safe deposit boxes in case of "national disaster."	false
Account describes entrepreneur Sam Walton's efforts to evade paying his employees minimum wage.	mostly true
Alabama utility crew workers were turned away from helping repair storm-ravaged areas of New Jersey because they were not union members.	false
The Seattle Seahawks are not selling tickets to the NFC Championship Game to California residents.	true
U.S. companies operating overseas telephone service centers must transfer customers to U.S.-based representatives upon request.	false
Snapple donates millions of dollars to anti-marijuana efforts.	false
Spirit Airlines offers innuendo-laced promotions, including $69 fares.	true
All congressional staffers and family members are exempt from repaying their student loans.	false
Subway sandwich store tray liners used in Germany depicted a fat Statue of Liberty.	true
Target has banned Salvation Army bell ringers from its premises.	true
Target is offering free credit monitoring service to customers who may have been affected by its credit card security breach.	true
Photograph depicts a sign at Target informing customers purchasing pork or alcohol to choose another lane to accommodate Muslim employees.	false
Tips recommended by Andy Rooney will reduce the amount of telemarketing phone calls and junk mail you receive.	false
Tiger Woods named his restaurant "The Woods Jupiter" because Nike legally owns the rights to his name.	false
The Department of Energy spent $737 million on SolarReserve to create 45 jobs and benefit Ron Pelosi.	mostly false
A new Pepsi soda can design omits the words "under God" from the Pledge of Allegiance.	false
The 2008 U.S. economic downturn resulted from Democratic control of Congress in 2007.	false
Giant retailer Walmart is selling caskets and urns on its website.	true
Photographs show toys from Christmas drives for the needy that were exchanged at Walmart for tobacco and alcohol.	false
Sam's Club and Walmart donated $10,000 to the Darren Wilson defense fund.	false
Video clip shows Rep. Maxine Waters comments during a Congressional hearing about nationalizing the oil industry.	true
The New York Times revealed Darren Wilson's current residence address, then redacted it.	false
Burger King created a fake 'discontinued' sandwich from the 1970s for nostalgia purposes.	false
The Zara fashion chain offered children' pajamas resembling concentration camp uniforms.	true
The 2003 "Christmas Field Guide" issued by clothiers Abercrombie & Fitch included nude and sexually suggestive photographs of young models.	true
Sending Christmas cards to the ACLU will freeze their operations.	false
The Best Buy chain is eschewing use of the word "Christmas" in its 2006 holiday print advertising.	true
A Thanksgiving 2009 advertising circular issued by Best Buy wished readers a "Happy Eid al-Adha."	true
Christmas lights have been banned in Cardwell, Australia, due to complaints from Muslim residents.	false
A 2007 Lowe's holiday catalog advertised Christmas trees as "family trees."	true
Santa's 'Ho Ho Ho' has been changed to 'Ha Ha Ha' in Australia because women felt insulted by the original phrase.	false
The Home Depot web site includes no mention of Christmas.	false
Facebook is barring users from posting images of nativity scenes.	false
The White House has decreed that its 2013 Christmas trees will be referred to as "Holiday trees."	false
A fourth-grade student was suspended for saying 'Merry Christmas' to his teacher.	false
Walter Reed Hospital will accept Christmas cards addressed to "A Recovering American Soldier."	false
Statement reproduces Hillary Clinton's response when asked to identify her major accomplishments as Secretary of State.	false
Hillary Rodham failed her 1973 attempt to pass the Washington, D.C., bar exam.	true
President Bill Clinton issued an executive order disarming soldiers on military bases.	false
Bill Clinton has quietly done away with several dozen people who possessed incriminating evidence about him.	false
A U.S. government official ordered the firing of half the cattle guards in Colorado.	false
Democrats and the Clinton administration received more campaign contributions from Enron and were more accommodating of Enron's lobbying efforts than Republicans and the Bush administration.	false
Bill Clinton was the "first pardoned federal felon ever to serve as President of the U.S."	false
Hillary Clinton was named after famed mountain climber Sir Edmund Hillary.	false
The Clintons charged the Secret Service rent to house the security detail protecting their home in Chappaqua, New York.	false
The father of Chelsea Clinton's husband is a former congressman who pled guilty to fraud charges.	true
Hillary Clinton supported and helped free two Black Panthers accused of torturing and murdering Alex Rackley.	false
The pastor of the church attended by Senator Hillary Clinton was convicted of child molestation.	false
Marines surreptitiously failed to observe the proper protocol in saluting President Clinton all throughout his eight years in office.	false
Hillary Clinton and Adolf Hitler both said that the needs of society should come before the needs of individuals.	false
A Kentucky Fried Chicken outlet in New York advertised a 'Hillary Special.'	false
A distant relative of a prominent politician was a horse thief and a train robber.	false
Hillary Clinton was fired from the House Judiciary Committee's Watergate investigation by Chief Counsel Jerry Zeifman.	false
The federal government is planning to eliminate 16 states from the U.S.	false
A fan's tweets verified the results of the 2014-15 NFL season and Super Bowl were rigged.	false
Accused bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev is going to be buried at Arlington National Cemetery.	false
Carlos Arredondo lost a son in Iraq and another to suicide.	true
Photograph shows a police officer delivering milk to a Watertown family during a stay-in-place order.	true
Photograph shows a girl from Sandy Hook Elementary School who was killed in the Boston Marathon bombings.	false
The accused Boston Marathon bombers attended expensive private schools.	false
Photograph shows Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev in police custody with no injuries.	false
The seven astronauts supposedly killed in the 1986 Space Shuttle Challenger explosion are quietly living out their lives in the U.S.	false
President Obama fired several military officers for disobeying his order to destroy Charleston as part of a "false flag" attack.	false
President Obama is purging military leaders who will not agree to fire on U.S. citizens.	false
The Ebola virus doesn't exist, victims of the disease previously got "shots" from the Red Cross, and the Ebola crisis was invented to rob Africa of her natural resources.	false
The U.S. government is planning to implement mandatory Ebola vaccinations for all residents.	false
Fake, chemical-laden plastic snow has been falling on the U.S.	false
A flurry of activity in FEMA Region 3 indicates that "something big is coming."	false
The Obama administration has ordered $1 billion worth of 'disposable coffins' for use with FEMA camps or Ebola victims.	false
FEMA is marking mailboxes with colored dots to indicate the disposition of residents in the New World Order.	false
A series of underground atomic explosions have taken place at the crippled nuclear plant in Fukushima, Japan.	false
A leaked Pentagon video reveals a government plot to vaccinate people against thoughts, ideas, and religion.	false
President Obama has threatened 14 state governors with arrest for forming State Defense Forces.	false
The U.S. government has purchased a stockpile of 30,000 guillotines.	false
Author J.K. Rowling has announced plans to pen a new book in the Harry Potter series.	false
The U.S. dollar will officially collapse after 1 July 2014 due to the implementation of H.R. 2847.	false
The domain Itanimulli.com ("Illuminati" spelled backwards) points to the web site of the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA).	true
The Israeli intelligence agency Mossad blew up Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370.	false
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was captured by the U.S. Navy.	false
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was made to disappear so one party could gain control of a multiply-owned patent.	false
A passenger on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 hid his cell phone in his rectum and used it to post a picture to the Internet after the flight was hijacked and its passengers imprisoned.	false
A truck's cargo of road signs revealed a government plot to impose martial law.	false
The United States government was sued and found culpable for the murder of Martin Luther King, Jr., but the news media refused to report it.	mostly false
Russian president Vladimir Putin threatened the U.S. over the Obama administration's support of Monsanto.	false
The Obama administration plans to displace thousands of Montana residents to give their land over to Native Americans.	false
Senator Harry Reid and a Chinese company building a solar plant are behind a standoff between federal agents and a Nevada rancher.	false
A Muslim terrorist disguised in a burqa was killed trying to hijack a plane in Ohio, and the media purposely did not report the foiled plot.	mostly false
Pentagon sources issued a warning to Russian officials to expect a "radical change" in the U.S. government soon.	false
Ferguson protests were all planned and organized by Communists, as proved by their identifiable and professionally printed signs.	mostly false
Russian forces will be providing security at large events in the U.S.	false
The federal government is preventing Volkswagen's XL1 model car from being sold in the U.S. because the vehicle is too fuel-efficient.	false
The reality TV series Amish Mafia depicts the real-life exploits of Amish 'fixers' in Lancaster County.	false
An Arizona sheriff dismissed prisoners' bellyaching about the heat by pointing out that soldiers serving in Iraq cope with similar conditions.	true
A film about serial killers Paul Bernardo and Karla Homolka is in the works.	true
E-mail and video describe the fatal abuse case of 2-year-old Kelsey Smith-Briggs.	true
Killed Ferguson, Missouri, teen Michael Brown had a lengthy arrest record.	false
Account describes the shooting of White Plains resident Kenneth Chamberlain.	true
A Houston man was sentenced to jail for paying too much child support for his son.	false
List details crimes and disturbing backgrounds associated with members of the U.S. Congress, the NFL, or the NBA.	false
An 18-year-old student named Cameron D'Ambrosio was arrested on terrorism charges over material he posted on Facebook.	true
Deandre Joshua and Shawn Gray were murdered after testifying before a grand jury in Ferguson.	false
A division of the U.S. Department of Justice organized rallies calling for the arrest and prosecution of George Zimmerman.	false
Freddie Gray, who died from spinal injuries while in Baltimore police custody on 12 April 2015, had a lengthy arrest record.	true
Freddie Gray was injured in a car accident and underwent spinal surgery prior to his arrest and death.	false
A woman was arrested for trespassing for taking pictures of an airport tourist attraction from a publicly accessible area.	true
Dr. Kermit Gosnell is on trial on charges of having committed multiple gruesome and illegal late-term abortions.	true
The Heartless Felons gang issued an order to kill all white police officers.	false
Two armed illegal aliens perpetrating a home invasion were killed by an 11-year-old girl with a shotgun.	false
Six black students in Jena, Louisiana, were charged with attempted murder for a beating administered to a white student.	true
Koch Industries paid the legal fees of George Zimmerman.	false
A football player at Lancaster High School severely beat a gay student but was not charged with a crime.	false
Michael Brown's mother posted comments on social media celebrating the shooting of two Ferguson police officers.	false
NFL quarterback Peyton Manning was arrested on drug charges.	false
Image depicting Mike Brown's mother and her boyfriend (not his father) provides a truthful description of the teen's home life.	mostly false
A 60-year-old woman shot and killed two teenagers who were attempting to make her a "knockout game" victim.	false
Account describes the rapes and murders of Christopher Newsom and Channon Christian.	mostly true
A man was ordered to pay $30,000 in support for a child that DNA testing proved was not his.	mostly true
O.J. Simpson was caught stealing cookies in prison.	false
The murder of Georgia youth Keith Passmore has been ignored by the media because the victim was white.	mostly false
The 2-year-old son of NFL star Adrian Peterson has died as the result of an apparent beating.	true
An Oregon man was recently jailed for collecting rainwater on his own property.	mostly false
Image depicts Mike Brown pointing a gun while holding money in his mouth.	false
Roderick Scott was acquitted after shooting a teenager who was breaking into cars.	true
Article contrasts sentences given to Roy Brown and Paul R. Allen.	true
Deputy Scott Wood was shot by black convenience store robbers, and the incident was not widely reported in the national media.	true
Video captures killed teenager Michael Brown beating an older man over the theft of a backpack.	false
Passengers encountered by reporter on airline flight were proved to be terrorists making a dry run at assembling a bomb on-board.	false
Bob and Nancy Strait, a Tulsa, Oklahoma couple, were beaten and robbed in their home.	true
E-mail reproduces news account of the stabbing death of 17-year-old Anna Svidersky.	true
The date of Earth Day was chosen as April 22 by the Unicorn Killer to coincide with Vladimir Lenin's birthday.	false
Anthony Weakfall, a 15-year-old accused of killing infant Imani Jennings, has been charged as a juvenile and therefore cannot receive a sentence of more than five years in prison.	false
ABC paid Darren Wilson $500,000 for his interview with George Stephanopoulos.	false
The Obama administration has "filed federal charges against George Zimmerman."	false
Ted Cruz is ineligible to serve as President of the United States because he was born in Canada.	false
Ted Cruz said in a CPAC speech that diseases such as AIDS and cancer can be eradicated through prayer.	false
Photograph depicts an admissions rejection letter sent by Harvard College.	false
A student was forced to remove his "Help 4 Heroes" wristband because it might offend Muslims.	false
The federal government has banned public school students from bringing sack lunches to school.	mostly false
An Oregon school punished a young child for tardiness by placing him behind a cardboard barrier at lunchtime.	true
Circulating photo set accurately compares school lunches from other countries with American offerings that are paltry due to the interference of Michelle Obama.	false
An angry mother delivered a scathing response to school officials after her daughter was punished for punching a classmate who snapped her bra.	false
All the crude oil produced in Alaska is sold and shipped to Japan.	false
President Obama signed an executive order to lend $2 billion to a Brazilian oil company, with no financial gain for the U.S.	mostly false
Chevron has denied accommodation to Louisiana National Guard helicopters battling the Gulf oil spill.	false
Analysis demonstrates the "Cash for Clunkers" program's gasoline savings to be an inefficient economic trade-off.	mostly false
Consumers' buying only a few gallons of gas at a time will bring down the price of gasoline.	false
Participating in a boycott of selected oil companies will lower gasoline prices.	false
Signing a petition to President Bush will help lower gasoline prices.	false
Hess Oil does not buy product from Middle Eastern countries because it is "owned by a Jewish family."	false
Various rumors about the effect of Hurricane Katrina on gasoline supplies and prices.	true
Participating in one-day boycott of gasoline on 15 April will help lower gasoline prices.	false
Article demonstrates how to eliminate U.S. oil imports from Middle Eastern countries.	false
Truckers are poised to strike over rising fuel prices.	true
More homicides in the U.S. are committed with baseball bats than with firearms.	false
An advertisement by the Brady Campaign contrasts rape with gun murders.	false
In 1995, former president George H.W. Bush resigned as a Life Member of the NRA.	true
The U.S. Ambassador to Egypt prevented Marines stationed at the U.S. embassy in Cairo from carrying live ammunition.	false
The Dalai Lama once said that if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you, it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun.	true
The Dick Act passed in 1903 "invalidates all gun control laws" in the U.S.	false
Senator Dianne Feinstein said that "All vets are mentally ill and the government should prevent them from owning firearms."	false
George Soros is buying up and shutting down firearms manufacturers, including Marlin Firearms, through an outfit called the Freedom Group.	false
Carolyn Gudger, a school resource officer at Sullivan Central High School, held a gunman at bay until deputies arrived and shot him.	true
The Journal News published a map showing the names and addresses of handgun permit holders in two New York counties.	true
Image contrasts radically different gun laws and homicide rates in Honduras and Switzerland.	false
FSU student Jason Derfuss survived a campus shooting after a bullet intended for him lodged in a book he was carrying in his backpack.	true
Action star Liam Neeson is a gun control advocate.	true
Mark Kelly purchased an AR-15 rifle the day aftertestifying to Colorado legislators about the need for additional gun control measures.	true
Actor Matthew McConaughey co-owns a cattle ranch in Texas that offers canned deer hunts.	true
Medicare regulations require that doctors ask patients whether they own guns.	false
Video documents that the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School were a staged hoax.	false
The NRA banned the carrying of guns from their own national convention.	false
President Obama has required that ammunition cartridges use primer that expires after one year.	false
Ronald Reagan once said that "an AK-47 is not a sporting weapon nor needed for home defense."	true
An off-duty sheriff's officer apprehended a gunman by shooting him in a San Antonio movie theater.	true
A longtime anti-gun state legislator shot a home intruder in defense of his property.	false
A 71-year-old former Marine broke up an armed robbery at a Subway sandwich shop in Florida.	true
Switzerland issues firearms to adult men and provides training in their use.	true
A bill currently before Congress would require that all handgun owners list their guns on federal income tax returns.	false
Document announces the creation of a United Nations "Civilian Weapons Confiscation Study Group."	false
A U.N. small arms treaty signed by the U.S. provides a "legal way around the 2nd Amendment."	false
A high school student named Cole Withrow was charged for leaving an unloaded shotgun in his vehicle while parking at school.	true
Message solicits contributions for a statue of President George W. Bush.	false
A U.S. government official ordered the firing of half the cattle guards in Colorado.	false
Politician has an encounter with 'circle flies.'	false
A list of 'Which Side of the Fence?' entries originated with comedian Jeff Foxworthy.	false
A list of 'You may be a Muslim' jokes originated with comedian Jeff Foxworthy.	false
A distant relative of a prominent politician was a horse thief and a train robber.	false
A list of 'A Country Founded by Geniuses but Run by Idiots' entries originated with comedian Jeff Foxworthy.	false
Quip about agitators answers Rev. Jesse Jackson's protest about color of washing machines.	false
Minnesota bill proposing creation of poet laureate position is written in rhyming verse.	true
First Lady ripostes that her ex-boyfriend would have been President if she'd married him.	false
E-mail offers an Oakland high school student's Ebonics competition-winning translations of rap lyrics.	false
Several prominent politicians and political commentators were born nine months after the 1947 Roswell "UFO" incident.	false
A roadway in South Dakota will be temporarily closed to allow for the transport of a large piece of coal to Mount Rushmore.	false
Campaign manager for prominent politician pays church official to refer to his charge as a "saint."	false
Account describes parting exchange between President Obama and resigning General Stanley McChrystal.	false
Election Day 2008 is being split across two separate days because of an anticipated heavy voter turnout.	false
The Japanese prime minister made an embarrassing verbal gaffe upon meeting U.S. president Barack Obama.	false
Politician's stamp fails to stick because wrong side is being spit upon.	false
Clip from a Bob Hope movie describes Democrats as "zombies."	true
Bank of America ran a pilot program in 2007 offering credit cards to customers lacking Social Security numbers.	true
O Canada will be sung in Hindi at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.	false
A federal court upheld a ruling that school officials acted correctly in requiring students to remove clothing featuring U.S. flag designs on Cinco de Mayo.	true
A 2013 immigration reform bill provides young people with free cars to transport them to their jobs.	false
President Obama issued an executive order to obtain 34 million blank green cards for a post-election immigration surge.	false
E-mail provides transcript of a television interview with an illegal immigrant from Mexico.	false
The governor of Iowa chartered a flight to summarily return 124 undocumented children to Honduras.	false
ISIS members are operating a camp near El Paso and have been arrested trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border.	false
Mexican legislators expressed concern that an Arizona law would prompt an influx of Mexicans into Sonora from Arizona.	true
The leaders of Canada, the United States, and Mexico agreed in 2005 to subsume their countries into a greater "North American Union" by the year 2010.	false
70% of the women who gave birth at Parkland Memorial Hospital in the first three months of 2006 were illegal immigrants.	true
Non-citizens don't pay taxes but are eligible for federal educational assistance programs not available to U.S. citizens.	false
The U.S. government provides a much greater monthly allowance to refugees than to retirees.	false
Shoplifting and other forms of crime decreased dramatically on 1 May 2006, the "Day Without Immigrants."	false
Article lists senators who "voted to give illegal aliens Social Security benefits."	mostly false
President Obama plans to issue an executive order changing the name of Thanksgiving to 'Celebrate Immigrants Day.'	false
The TSA permits "illegal aliens" aboard standard commercial flights without proper identification and no additional verification if they produce a "notice to appear."	false
WalMart has authorized U.S. law enforcement to enter its stores and arrest any illegal immigrants found within.	false
In 2002, bath products vendor The Body Shop gave a humanitarian award to a Palestinian group.	true
On 9 March 2003, CBS will be airing a half-hour program devoted to telling the stories of Israel Defense Forces soldiers from their point of view.	false
Dr. Arieh Eldad wrote about a burn center patient turned suicide bomber.	true
Angelina Jolie said she hates Israel and wants "those people" eradicated.	false
Actress Natalie Portman made a $50 million donation to a hospital in Israel.	false
Princess Cruises has ceased making stops in Israel.	false
Message from Starbucks Chairman Howard Schultz extols the company's contributions to Israel.	false
Image shows front-page New York Times articles from 1943 about the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising.	false
Whole Foods has removed Israeli products from its shelves and replaced them with Muslim-approved products.	true
The U.S. Postal Service has suspended mail delivery to some areas affected by Hurricane Katrina.	true
Senator John Kerry told interviewer Larry King that he "hasn't had time" to be briefed on the possibility of new al Qaeda attacks.	true
Senator John Kerry referred to a Secret Service agent as a "son of a bitch."	true
Senator John Kerry's wife owns Heinz, a company that outsources much of its work abroad.	false
If John Kerry were elected President, the Secret Service would have to protect him and every property he owns for the rest of his life.	false
John Kerry's Vietnam War service medals (a Bronze Star, a Silver Star and three Purple Hearts) were earned under "fishy" circumstances.	false
Teresa Heinz Kerry donates millions of dollars to fringe political groups through the Tides Foundation.	false
Senator John Kerry "voted to kill every military appropriation for the development and deployment of every weapons systems since 1988."	false
John McCain said he would define the income level that divides the middle class from the rich as $5 million.	true
Letter from Ann and Nancy Wilson of Heart castigates John McCain for using their "Barracuda" as a campaign song.	false
Article recounts details of Senator John McCain's divorce from his first wife, Carol.	true
E-mail lists facts about Senator John McCain's wife,Cindy McCain.	true
Photograph shows John McCain making a funny face after a presidential debate.	true
John McCain was one-upped by a heckler during a campaign stop.	false
E-mail reproduces letter from John and Cindy McCain to John Hinckley.	false
John McCain came up with a clever put-down for a student who claimed the older generation can't understand the current one.	false
E-mail describes the military pedigrees of Senator John McCain's sons.	true
John McCain would not be eligible to draw a pension after serving two terms as president.	false
John McCain declared during a 60 Minutes interview that he was a "war criminal" who "bombed innocent women and children."	false
The New York Assembly passed a law making it expressly legal to shoot babies in the heart with poison.	false
A mutation known Alexandria's Genesis turns people into 'perfect human beings' who exhibit purple eyes six months after birth.	false
Cameron Lyle gave up his collegiate athletic career to donate bone marrow to a young man with leukemia.	true
CFL light bulbs are dangerous compared to conventional incandescent bulbs because they emit higher levels of radiation.	true
Child Protective Services in Washington removed three young children from their parents' care because homebirth is considered dangerous.	false
The health care bill currently before Congress mandates that seniors be given euthanasia counseling every five years.	false
Muslims in the U.S. are specifically exempted from legislative requirements to purchase health insurance.	false
Greek citizens are self-inflicting HIV in order to collect government benefits.	mostly false
In 2007 a man from Sweden received disability payments for his for his addiction to heavy metal music.	true
HIPAA Laws started because a senator wanted to cover up his wife's plastic surgery.	false
Oranges from Libya have been injected with HIV-positive blood and pose a danger of infection.	false
Hobby Lobby filed a lawsuit over a federal mandate requiring employers to provide insurance coverage for contraceptives.	true
A provision of Obamacare allows federal agents to conduct forced home inspections and remove children from the custody of their parents.	false
Medical waste that included human tissue was shipped from British Columbia to be incinerated at a power plant in Oregon.	true
You must have your wisdom teeth and appendix removed in order to work in Antarctica.	false
A newborn child declared dead revived after being placed on his mother's chest.	true
Letter from Judge David Kithil provides accurate line item criticisms of "Obamacare" health care reform legislation.	false
Planned Parenthood health centers do not perform mammograms.	true
A bill known as the Breast Cancer Patient Protection Act seeks to require insurance companies to cover a minimum 48-hour hospital stay for patients undergoing mastectomies.	true
The California Department of Public Health has issued a warning against measles parties.	false
Monthly Medicare Part B premiums are set to jump to $247.00 in 2014.	false
The federal government is withholding information on 2015 Medicare premiums and deductibles until after the 2014 midterm elections.	mostly false
Under Obamacare, patients 76 and older must be admitted to the hospital by their primary care physicians in order to be covered by Medicare.	false
Health care legislation requires that U.S. residents be implanted with RFID microchips.	false
As of May 2014, European Union regulations require newborn children to be implanted with RFID chips.	false
In the last ten years no one has died of measles in the U.S., but more than 100 people have died due to the MMR vaccine.	false
President Obama declined to answer a question about whether he would give up his current health care program.	mostly false
The Obama Health Care Plan disallows advanced neurosurgery for patients over 70.	false
U.S. law allows all Americans to opt out of the Affordable Care Act's individual health insurance mandate.	false
"Obamacare" mandates that no one over 75 will be given major medical procedures unless approved by an ethics panel.	false
Patient zero for the 2014-2015 measles outbreak was found to be an already-vaccinated child or illegal immigrant.	false
Item describes penalties for non-compliance with the PPACA individual health insurance mandate.	mostly false
Pepsi products are "manufactured using the tissue of aborted human babies."	false
"Poison pill" amendment inserted into Health Care Bill by Senator Reid makes proposed bill unamendable if passed.	mostly false
A man with Down syndrome who refused to leave a movie theater died after being handcuffed by mall security.	true
Holding a smartphone incorrectly will result in a finger deformity known as "smartphone pinky."	false
ABC News' 20/20 co-anchor John Stossel was fired for trying to air a piece critical of health care reform.	false
U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld owns stock in the company that makes Tamiflu.	true
' A rare condition known as tetrachromacy can be identified with an online test.	false
The federal government called out National Guard resources to block protesting truckers from using I-495 (the Capital Beltway) in Washington.	false
In 2015 the FDA issued a recall for children's Tylenol, Motrin, and Benadryl products.	false
First-year cadet criticizes U.S. Air Force Chief of Staff's personnel decisions.	true
An air show at the U.S. Air Force Academy graduation ceremony was held up because President Obama left early.	false
Account describes events connected with the 2013 Air Force Academy commencement ceremonies.	mostly false
A Medal of Honor carried by a World War II veteran aroused suspicion among airport security forces.	true
The owner of a Dunkin' Donuts franchise told U.S. servicemen he would not serve them because "you are killing my countrymen."	false
The city of Berkeley, California, told the Marines that their recruiting office was not welcome there.	true
A truck stop in Bogalusa, Louisiana, refused service to a National Guard member in uniform.	false
President Obama ordered five first line U.S. aircraft carriers into port together in a shocking breach of military protocol.	mostly false
A Charley's Grilled Subs outlet in Stockton, California, refused service to two U.S. Marines.	false
Marine Capt. Brian R. Chontosh of Rochester, New York, received the Navy Cross for extraordinary heroism in Iraq.	true
Cody Green, a 12-year-old boy with leukemia, was made an honorary member of the U.S. Marines.	true
A new White House policy eliminates combat pay for U.S. military personnel "unless they are being shot at."	false
JCPenney and other toy retailers have offered a "Forward Command Post" military playset for youngsters.	true
Servicemen refused service at a Sak-N-Pak gas station in Corbin, Kentucky.	false
Account describes President Obama's meeting with wounded soldiers at the National Naval Hospital.	mostly false
U.S. active duty military deaths were higher during the administration of President Clinton than during the administration of George W. Bush.	false
Actor Denzel Washington made a large donation to the Fisher House Foundation after visiting Brooke Army Medical Center.	mostly true
U.S. Marine Corporal Derek Wyatt was killed in Afghanistan just before his wife gave birth to a son.	true
A backdrop of naval vessels displayed at the Democratic National Convention included images of Russian warships.	true
Navy SEALs were ordered to discontinue wearing the "Don't Tread on Me" uniform patch because it is too closely associated with "radical groups."	false
The U.S. military will be reinstating the draft by Spring 2005.	false
The Department of Defense denied a request for a military flyover at the 2009 'God and Country' rally.	true
Fort Lewis is phasing out individual memorial services for deceased soldiers in favor of a monthly service.	false
Article describes coverage of the death of Medal of Honor recipient Ed Freeman.	true
Wounded veterans paraded through halls of the Pentagon every Friday morning.	true
The White House ordered a change to military funeral protocol to remove references to the President of the United States.	false
France demanded that the U.S. remove buried American soldiers from their soil, saying "Come pick up your garbage."	false
Hillary Clinton refused to meet with a contingent of Gold Star mothers.	false
Influential friends ensured that a "special dispensation" cut short Al Gore's tour of duty in Vietnam.	false
President Obama broke precedent by declining to attend the funeral of General Harold Greene and failing to send any administration officials to the ceremony.	false
Accused Fort Hood shooter Nidal Malik Hasan has continued to draw his salary while awaiting trial.	true
An automobile belonging to a Marine and bearing military vanity plates was defaced in Chicago.	true
American Sniper subject Chris Kyle shot dozens of looters after Hurricane Katrina, killed two attempted carjackers, and punched Jesse Ventura in the face.	mostly false
The owner of a Dunkin' Donuts store directed that a memorial flier for a U.S. soldier be "placed on a dumpster where the rest of our soldiers belong."	false
A Marathon service station owner in Pontiac, Illinois, refused to do business with U.S. soldiers.	false
Actress Ann-Margret autographed a tattered photo presented to her at a book signing by an ex-G.I. and thanked him for serving his country.	true
A U.S. Marine killed an unarmed, injured Iraqi insurgent.	true
Actress Martha Raye entertained troops and tended to wounded soldiers in the field in Vietnam.	true
A display at the National World War II Memorial excised the words 'So help us God' from a speech by President Roosevelt.	false
ISIS operatives are visiting Michigan homes and killing the residents if they are military families.	false
A Mobil station in Holly, Michigan, refused service to an Army reservist in uniform.	false
Account describes Navy SEALs' funereal tribute to Medal of Honor recipient Mike Monsoor.	true
An Atlanta Motel 6 outlet turned away a U.S. Army soldier because he was underage.	true
President Obama attempted to stop the killing of Osama bin Laden and failed to credit those who accomplished it.	false
Account describes Pamela Murphy's efforts on behalf of patients at a VeteransAdministration hospital.	true
President Obama plans to implement a pay freeze for active duty military personnel in 2011.	false
Letter from airline pilot describes a flight on which the remains of a fallen U.S. soldier were carried.	true
PING provides wounded veterans with free lessons and golf clubs.	true
A U.S. serviceman in uniform was refused service at the Posh Bagel in Davis, California.	false
U.S. troops stationed in Muslim countries are being ordered to fast and practice Sharia law during Ramadan.	mostly false
Red Lobster restaurant refuses to donate gift certificate to POW's family.	false
A U.S. Marine was refused service at a convenience store in Fort Worth, Texas.	true
The U.S. military awards "Courageous Restraint Medals" to soldiers who refrain from firing their weapons.	false
Sears pays the difference in salaries and maintains benefits for its called-up military reservist employees.	true
Battalion chaplain requests prayers for soldiers delivering voting machines and ballots in Iraq.	true
A U.S. serviceman was refused service at the Shady Maple restaurant.	false
A Shell service station owner in Tennessee refused to do business with a U.S. soldier.	false
Shoshana Johnson, the other female U.S. POW of the Iraq war, is slated to receive a far smaller disability pension than that granted Jessica Lynch.	true
A serviceman in uniform was refused service at a convenience store or restaurant because the establishment's owners didn't support the war in Iraq.	false
Transcript reproduces suicide note left by U.S. Army veteran Daniel Somers.	true
A shoplifter who stabbed a Marine collecting Toys for Tots was then whomped by other Marines.	true
Starbucks refused free product to Marines serving in Iraq, saying the company didn't support the war or anyone taking part in it.	false
Civilians can send "thank you" messages to American troops through a Department of Defense web page.	true
Midshipmen did not wear ceremonial swords at the 2009 U.S. Naval Academy graduation ceremonies due to the presence of President Obama.	false
An army captain in Iraq describes President Bush's surprise Thanksgiving Day visit to Baghdad.	true
A Philadelphia couple organized a private train line to take wounded servicemen to the 2005 Army-Navy football game.	true
A Marine tasked with holding an umbrella during a rainy presidential news conference committed suicide.	false
The U.S. Navy's termination of ordnance training on the island of Vieques resulted in the closure of the nearby Roosevelt Roads Naval Base.	true
Resident wrote to newspaper to complain about fly-by of jets from local Air Force base which were headed for a fallen serviceman's memorial service.	true
President Obama launched an "African Americans for Obama" campaign in February 2012.	true
Barack Obama "blew off" U.S. soldiers during a July 2008 trip to Afghanistan.	false
Photograph shows the tail number of Air Force One to be 'N166ER.'	false
Barack Obama removed the U.S. flag from the tail of Air Force One and replaced it with his own logo.	false
The editor of the National Review has endorsed Barack Obama for president.	false
Photograph shows Barack Obama without his hand over his heart while the U.S. national anthem is being played.	true
The Book of Revelation describes the anti-Christ as someone with characteristics matching those of Barack Obama.	true
A June 2004 Associated Press article identified Barack Obama as "Kenyan-born."	false
Barack Obama's birth certificate is a forgery.	false
A 1991 literary client list booklet listed Barack Obama as having been born in Kenya.	true
A federal judge has ordered Barack Obama to prove his eligibility for the presidency in court on 26 January 2010.	false
Lawyers representing Barack Obama admitted that his birth certificate is a forgery.	false
President Obama nominated Elena Kagan for the U.S. Supreme Court as a reward for her help in getting nine challenges to his eligibility dismissed.	false
A Certified Registration of Birth issued in Kenya documents that Barack Obama was born in that country.	false
Video clip shows Barack Obama acknowledging that he is not a natural-born U.S. citizen.	false
Recently released records document that Barack Obama received college financial aid in the U.S. as a "foreign student from Indonesia."	false
Barack Obama appropriated the Social Security number of a dead man born in 1890 and uses it as his own.	false
A 1981 Columbia University student ID card identifies Barack Obama as a foreign student named Barry Soetoro.	false
The Obamas had their dog, Bo, flown on his own airplane to join them on vacation.	false
The bus used by President Obama during a tour to talk up job creation in the U.S. was built in Canada.	true
Barack Obama urged his supporters to join him in changing "the greatest nation in the history of the world."	false
Barack Obama's presidential campaign is being funded by Hugo Ch vez.	false
Photographs show businesses that posted "A taxpayer voting for Barack Obama is like a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders" signs.	true
Barack Obama does not qualify as a natural-born citizen of the U.S. because his mother was too young.	false
Barack Obama did not attend Columbia University.	false
Barack Obama's thesis for Columbia University, entitled "Aristocracy Reborn," noted that America's founding fathers "did not allow for economic freedom."	false
Barack Obama is the only president who has failed to visit the D-Day Monument on D-Day.	false
In 2006, U.S. Senator Barack Obama spoke out against raising the U.S. goevrnment debt limit.	true
During an interview with the Wall Street Journal , Barack Obama said, "a strong government hand is needed to assure that wealth is distributed more equitably."	false
Donald Trump is revealing information documenting that Barack and Michelle Obama were once on the verge of divorce.	false
The bulk of donations to the 2008 Obama campaign came from a handful of wealthy foreign financiers.	false
President Obama will legalize marijuana if one million people call a designated phone number.	false
President Obama refuses to sign Eagle Scout certificates.	false
President Obama has issued a whopping 923 executive orders, many of which give the government unprecedented power to take over control of civilian institutions.	false
Three former Fannie Mae executives served on Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign as chief economic advisors.	false
President Obama secretly met with Ferguson protesters and urged them to "stay on course."	mostly false
First Lady Michelle Obama has an unprecedented number of staffers working for her.	false
President Obama has announced plans to ban recreational fishing in the U.S.	false
President Obama had a Marine staff sergeant relieved for pointing out that his U.S. flag lapel pin was upside-down.	false
FOX News will be airing a revealing documentary about Barack Obama.	false
Video clip shows a suppressed Fox News broadcast about Barack Obama.	false
Michelle Obama gave voters permission to eat fried chicken after voting.	true
President Obama issued a 'gag order' on insurance rates for 2015 until after the midterm elections.	false
Message details requirements of the GIVE (Generations Invigorating Volunteerism andEducation) act.	mostly false
Congress is beginning impeachment hearings against President Obama.	false
Congress has "officially initiated President Obama's impeachment."	false
President Obama's November 2010 trip to India will cost taxpayers $200 million per day.	false
A Florida grand jury has indicted Barack Obama and Joe Biden.	false
Barack Obama never mentioned Israel by name in either of the first two 2008 presidential debates.	false
During the 1960's, Robert F. Kennedy said he believed a black man could become President of the United States within forty years.	true
The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts is changing its name to the Obama Center.	false
E-mail from missionary describes Barack Obama's connection to political events in Kenya.	false
Barack Obama has been endorsed for President of the U.S. by the Ku Klux Klan.	false
Barack and Michelle Obama both surrendered their law licenses to avoid pending disciplinary actions.	false
Barack Obama filed a lawsuit to require banks to "make loans to poor people."	mostly false
Michelle Obama and her daughters toured London for two days after President Obama had returned to U.S.	true
The numbers 6-6-6 were the winning combination in an Illinois lottery the day after Election Day 2008.	true
Malia Obama traveled to Mexico in March 2012.	true
McDonald's restaurants will be placing Michelle Obama's image on their drink cups.	false
In 2010, President Obama became the first U.S. president not to lay a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial Day.	false
Barack Obama shunned law enforcement personnel by asking them remain out of view before a campaign event in Battle Creek, Michigan.	false
Barack Obama's education and house were paid for with money obtained from questionable sources.	false
Barack Obama is a "radical Muslim" who "will not recite the Pledge of Allegiance."	false
Barack Obama admitted to being a Muslim during an ABC News interview.	false
Many Muslims hold high-level positions in the Obama administration and pose a threat to the safety of the U.S.	mostly false
A video shows how the Muslim world reacted to President Obama's speech about the dangers of climate change.	false
President Obama issued a National Defense Resources Preparedness executive order that gives the president unprecedented new powers to appropriate national resources.	false
Scholars at the Smithsonian Institution have uncovered new interpretations of Nostradamus that relate to Barack Obama.	false
A video shows the chief Iranian nuclear negotiator appearing on television and candidly reflecting on the negotiating process with the United States.	false
President Obama said during a 2012 speech the "future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam."	true
President Obama secretly signaled solidarity to African leaders at the White House using a Muslim hand gesture known as the 'Shahada.'	false
Hundreds of people with physical ailments have reported being healed by a touch from Barack Obama.	false
A video shows the Muslim world's reaction to President Obama's claim that climate change is threatening America.	false
The basketball coaching job of Craig Robinson, Michelle Obama's brother, was saved by the hasty procurement of $17 million in federal stimulus funds.	false
President Obama issued an order providing funds to "allow hundreds of thousands of Palestinians to resettle in the United States."	mostly false
CIA director Leon Panetta's daughter is a "radical anti-American."	false
In 2007, Barack Obama belatedly paid parking tickets accumulated while he was a student at Harvard.	true
Barack Obama must have used a non-U.S. passport to travel to Pakistan in 1981.	false
Photograph shows Barack Obama holding a telephone upside down.	false
Photographs show President Obama using teleprompters to talk to a group of elementary school students.	false
Photograph shows a "Bowl-O-Bama" bowling alley in Clearwater, Florida.	false
Images show President Obama disembarking from Marine One with a cell phone or coffee cup in his hand.	true
Photograph shows Michelle Obama texting at the White House Correspondents' Dinner while other guests have their hands over their hearts.	false
Photograph shows Barack Obama posing with a couple who crashed a White House state dinner.	true
Photograph shows Michelle Obama with Princess Letizia and Carla Bruni-Sarkozy.	false
Photograph shows Barack Obama wearing an earpiece during a presidential debate.	false
Photograph shows a U.S. flag bearing an image of Barack Obama flying over a Florida county's Democratic headquarters	true
Photograph shows a "Welcome to Kenya" sign identifying that country as the birthplace of Barack Obama.	false
Video shows Barack Obama kicking in a door after storming out of a meeting with Congressional leaders.	false
Photograph shows Barack Obama kissing British prime minister David Cameron.	false
Photograph shows President Obama not saluting the flag during the playing of the U.S. national anthem at a 2013 Korean War anniversary ceremony.	false
Photograph shows Barack and Michelle Obama saluting the U.S. flag with their left hands.	false
Photograph shows Michelle Obama with her daughters draped in South African colors at the 2012 Olympics.	false
President removed red, white, and blue decor from the Oval Office and installed a 'Muslim prayer curtain' in the White House.	false
Photograph shows Barack Obama as a Black Panther party member.	false
President Obama has cancelled the National Day of Prayer.	false
Photograph shows First Lady Michelle Obama waving Communist flags in China.	false
Photograph shows President Obama not saluting the flag during the playing of the national anthem at a 2009 Veterans Day ceremony.	false
Photograph shows Michelle Obama not saluting the flag during a 2011 Veterans Day ceremony.	false
Photograph shows Barack and Michelle Obama at a Halloween party.	false
Obama administration representatives meeting with the auto industry advocated legislatively changing the laws of physics.	false
A prophecy that a black man would inhabit the White house "when pigs fly" ties the Obama presidency to the swine flu.	false
Message details decisions made by President Obama in directing the rescue of Captain Richard Phillips from Somali pirates.	mostly false
The White House has announced that First Lady Michelle Obama is pregnant.	false
Michelle Obama stated that the signers of the Declaration of Independence were not "born in America."	false
President Obama told an audience in Europe ordinary Americans are "too small-minded to govern their own affairs" and should "surrender their rights" to an " all-powerful sovereign."	false
Item documents contradictory statements Barack Obama made about the killing of Osama bin Laden.	false
While visiting a Master Lock plant in Milwaukee, President Obama mistook the Wisconsin state flag for a union banner.	false
President Obama stopped wearing his wedding ring and wristwatch in observance of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan.	false
The Obama Event Registry allows users celebrating special occasions to solicit campaign donations in place of gifts.	true
Michelle Obama gorged herself on an expensive room service dinner while her husband was attending a meeting at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel.	false
President Obama said women should not choose to be stay-at-home-moms.	false
Barack Obama would not qualify for a security clearance due to his relationship with Bill Ayers.	false
Barack Obama "lied" about his father's military service during World War II.	false
Barack Obama's status as a Muslim prevented his wife from traveling with him to Islamic countries in April 2009.	false
The Salt Lake Tribune has endorsed Barack Obama in the 2012 presidential election.	true
Video clip shows President Obama being snubbed while attempting to shake hands during a visit to Russia.	false
Barack Obama said he would replace the U.S. national anthem with the song 'I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing.'	false
Barack Obama's mother was born a man.	false
Food tasters work on behalf of U.S. presidents.	true
E-mail compares proposed changes in taxes after the 2008 presidential election.	false
Access to Michelle Obama's senior thesis was restricted until after the 2008 presidential election.	true
List details a "trifecta" of firsts related to President Obama.	false
Statement reproduces President Obama's response regarding opposition to his veterans' health insurance plan.	false
Joe Biden is planning to step down from the vice-presidential slot on the Democratic ticket in favor of Hillary Clinton.	false
Barack Obama's wedding ring bears an Arabic inscription reading There is no god but Allah.	false
Michelle Obama has demanded that all children in daycare be weighed as a part of her ongoing interest in childhood nutrition.	false
HealthCare.gov was developed on a no-bid contract at a cost overrun of $634 million by a Canadian company selected because they donated $47 million to the Obama campaign and employ Michelle Obama's classmate as a top executive.	mostly false
Chart shows top 20 raises given to White House staffers in 2010.	true
List catalogs books banned from the Wasilla, Alaska, public library by Mayor Sarah Palin.	false
Video shows a young black man who fathered Bristol Palin's child.	false
Transcript reproduces portion of a Katie Couric interview with Sarah Palin.	false
E-mail reproduces quotes from Sarah Palin news interviews.	false
Photograph shows Piper Palin flipping off a little boy.	false
Photographs show women at an anti-Palin rally held in Anchorage, Alaska.	true
Image reproduces a test scoresheet showing Sarah Palin's high school grades and SAT scores.	false
During the 2008 presidential campaign, Sarah Palin said: "I can see Russia from my house."	false
Nancy Pelosi could not answer a query about which voyage around the world was Captain Cook's last.	false
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi demanded the use of a "big fat 200-seat jet," which she routinely uses to travel between Calfornia and Washington.	mostly false
Nancy Pelosi advocated implementing a 100% windfall tax on stock market profits and retirement income.	false
The son of former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee once killed a dog at Boy Scout camp.	true
New Hampshire state legislators receive a salary of $100 per year.	true
President Obama and Hillary Clinton were officially charged in Egypt with aiding and abetting terrorists.	false
Article chronicles aspects of Senator Ted Kennedy's life and career.	mostly true
Congress is "moving to appoint Barack Obama to a third term" in 2016.	false
List reproduces Saul Alinsky's rules for "How to Create a Social State."	false
Newt Gingrich once said, "People like me are what stand between us and Auschwitz."	true
Former First Lady Barbara Bush said of the war in Iraq: "Why should we hear about body bags and deaths? It's not relevant. So why should I waste my beautiful mind on something like that?"	true
Former first lady Barbara Bush said that New Orleans refugees being housed in the Houston Astrodome were "underprivileged anyway, so this is working very well for them."	true
Hockey commentator Don Cherry issued a sardonic comment on Iraqi prisoner abuse.	false
Actor Morgan Freeman said that he finds the concept of Black History Month to be "ridiculous."	true
Warren Buffett quipped that he could end the deficit by passing "a law that says anytime there is a deficit of more than 3% of GDP, all sitting members of Congress are ineligible for re-election."	true
Vermont state senator Mary Ann Carlson once said that people who own guns "are pretty likely to commit a crime."	false
Jimmy Carter said, "If you don't want your tax dollars to help the poor, then stop saying that you want a country based on Christian values. Because you don't!"	false
Winston Churchill wrote about the "dreadful curses of Mohammedanism" in his 1899 book The River Wars .	true
Passage from Karl Marx's Das Kapital about consumer debt foretells that the current economic turmoil will lead to communism.	false
Rep. Michele Bachmann questioned why dinosaur bones aren't dirty if they've been buried for millions of years.	false
Pope Francis told a boy grieving the loss of a pet dog that animals go to heaven.	false
At an awards ceremony in 2005, Clint Eastwood threatened to "kill" Michael Moore.	true
Albert Einstein once said that segregation was a "disease of white people."	true
Senator Dianne Feinstein said she "can't believe that so many people still don't" approve of health care reform legislation.	false
Pope Francis once said "Women are naturally unfit for political office."	false
During a Fox News interview, Michele Bachmann said the U.S. could "use a President like Benjamin Franklin again."	false
Rep. Gabrielle Giffords asked Gen. David Petraeus what he was "doing to reduce carbon emissions in the war on terror."	false
Senate candidate John Glenn delivered a stinging rebuke to a challenger who accused him of never having run a business.	true
Former President George Bush wrote that trying to eliminate Saddam Hussein during the Gulf War in 1991 would have "incurred incalculable human and political costs."	true
Author Homer Hickam fretted in an interview that Democratic candidates might scrap military programs and begin baking cookies for the enemy.	false
President Eisenhower once observed that "a few Texas oil millionaires" wanted to "abolish social security."	true
President Eisenhower once observed that "a few Texas oil millionaires" wanted to "abolish social security."	true
Actor Jamie Foxx said of his upcoming film, "I kill all the white people in the movie ... How great is that?"	true
White House adviser Valerie Jarrett once said she seeks "to help change America to be a more Islamiccountry."	false
Excerpt reproduces a portion of a commencement address delivered by newsman Ted Koppel.	true
South Carolina state Senator Thomas Corbin told a colleague at a dinner function women are a "lesser cut of meat."	true
Late-night TV host David Letterman delivered a "Top Ten Reasons to Vote Democrat" segment.	false
Talk show host Rush Limbaugh's 3 November 1988 broadcast included a statement approving the selling of chemical warfare agents to Saddam Hussein and the gassing of drug addicts.	false
Marco Polo said: "The militant Muslim is the person who beheads the infidel, while the moderate Muslim holds the feet of the victim."	false
Senator John McCain once said that "the Democratic Party is a fine party, and I have no problems with it."	true
Fox News host Megyn Kelly once referred to Native Americans as "illegal immigrants."	false
Musician Miles Davis made a crude remark upon meeting First Lady Nancy Reagan.	false
Monica Lewinsky said the Democrats "left a bad taste in my mouth."	false
During a CNN interview with Larry King, Monica Lewinsky said, "I've learned not to put things in my mouth that are bad for me."	false
Video documents that the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School were a staged hoax.	false
Vladimir Putin described negotiating with Barack Obama as being like "playing chess with a pigeon."	false
Pope Francis said belief in God is not necessary to be a good person.	false
Pope Francis said evolution and the Big Bang theory are compatible with the Bible and religious belief.	true
Secretary of State Colin Powell made an eloquent point about America's desire for "empire building" to the Archbishop of Canterbury.	true
Charles Ramsey said that the captive women he helped rescue, and not he, should receive a reward.	true
List collects statements about rape made by Republican politicians.	true
A constitutional law professor quipped on the difference between the Bible and the Constitution.	true
In 1988 author Roald Dahl penned an open letter urging parents to have their children vaccinated against measles.	true
Rep. Paul Ryan said: "The poor are like stray cats. If we continue to feed them we will never get rid of them."	false
Serena Williams announced she'd "stopped dating black guys" because "a white man is the only real choice for a successful black female."	false
British Petroleum spokesperson opines "Louisiana isn't the only place that has shrimp."	true
Canadian radio commentator Gordon Sinclair delivered a stirring, pro-American editorial in 1973.	true
Norman Thomas once said that America would eventually unknowingly adopt socialism "under the name of 'liberalism.'"	false
Judge Sonia Sotomayor said that "the time has come to end white male oppression by castrating every white male."	false
Margaret Thatcher once said that "The trouble with Socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money."	true
Text reproduces Theodore Roosevelt's words regarding the assimilation of immigrants into American culture.	true
Text reproduces a statement by President Harry Truman about Republicans.	true
President Harry S. Truman in 1945 described political correctness as "a doctrine fostered by a delusional, illogical minority."	false
The viral quote "If a writer falls in love with you, you can never die" was written by Canadian rapper Drake.	true
Item reproduces Clint Eastwood's remarks on his twilight years.	false
Law professor's analysis demonstrates that the results of the last presidential election correspond to a prediction about the downfall of democracy.	mostly false
H. L. Mencken wrote that eventually "the White House will be adorned by a downright moron."	true
A Colorado school changed the Pledge of Allegiance, replacing "one nation under God" with "one nation under Allah."	false
A judge told an atheist plaintiff who challenged religious holidays that atheists already have their own holiday: April 1.	false
Iran has passed a law requiring Jews and Christians to wear badges identifying them as religious minorities.	false
The mayor of Ath, in Belgium, refused to remove pork from school canteens in the face of pressure from Muslim parents.	false
A movement is underway to change the Bible by removing all references to Israel and claiming Jesus was not a Jew but a Palestinian.	false
Muslims are planning to hold an "Islam on Capitol Hill" prayer service at the U.S. Capitol on 25 September 2009.	true
The ACLU is seeking to have cross-shaped headstones removed from federal cemeteries.	false
The 2007 film The Golden Compass is based on a series of books with anti-religious themes.	true
CVS pharmacy had an issue with an employee wearing ties bearing religious symbolism at one of their Virginia outlets.	true
NBC aired The Book of Daniel, a series about an Episcopal priest who dealt with an addiction to painkillers, a gay son, and a daughter arrested for selling marijuana.	true
Delta Air Lines prohibits Jewish passengers and Bibles on all their flights due to an alliance with Saudi Arabian Airlines.	false
Statistics demonstrate that "Islam will overwhelm Christendom unless Christians recognize the demographic realities and begin reproducing again."	mostly false
Vietnam veteran (and former POW) Admiral Jeremiah Denton was prevented from speaking before the California Assembly on Independence Day 2004.	true
Two Muslims hold positions in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.	true
Radio stations shunned the Diamond Rio song "In God We Still Trust" because of its subject matter.	false
The Obama campaign is sponsoring an "Islamic Jumah" at the Democratic National Convention but declined to allow a prayer from a Catholic cardinal.	false
New U.S. dollar coins were designed with the motto "In God We Trust" omitted.	false
A Mattel talking doll uttered the phrases 'Islam is the light' and 'Satan is king.'	false
The A&E series 'Duck Dynasty' is being threatened by complaints about the show's inclusion of prayer scenes and guns.	false
President Obama implemented a new government policy prohibiting U.S. service members from speaking at "faith-based public events."	false
Atheists are petitioning the FCC to get religious broadcasting banned from American airwaves.	false
Resident objected to a cross on his city's crest; other residents responded by placing crosses on their lawns.	true
Jesus will be portrayed as a homosexual in an upcoming film.	false
One of the top search results in Google for the word "jew" points to an anti-Semitic site.	true
Evangelist Billy Graham led a parade through New Orleans on a scooter during the March 2006 Celebration of Hope crusade.	false
Evangelist Billy Graham placed full-page advertisements in U.S. newspapers regarding the 2012 election.	true
During the 2007 Emmy Awards ceremony, actress Kathy Griffin told Jesus to "suck it" and said that her Emmy was now her God.	true
Halal meat sold in the U.S. is commonly produced in conditions of filth and uncleanliness.	mostly false
An Evangelical Christian mom re-wrote the Harry Potter series to remove all references to witchcraft and wizardry, replacing them with "prayer and miracles."	false
A holiday shopping flier included an anti-Semitic message.	true
Alex Malarkey, protagonist of the book The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven: A True Story , has admitted that he fabricated the claim that he visited Heaven.	true
A public high school in Hilliard, Ohio, hosts a Muslim prayer room.	false
Schools in the UK no longer teach about the Holocaust for fear of offending Muslim students.	false
A Home Depot employee was fired after refusing to remove a patriotic button from his work apron.	true
The "mainstream media" deliberately ignored an incident in which a Muslim man beheaded two Christians.	false
Buddhist extremists in India plan to burn down 200 churches and kill 200 missionaries within 24 hours.	false
Crocodile hunter Steve Irwin became a born-again Christian a few weeks before he died.	false
Seventh graders in California are subjected to an intense three-week course in Islam in which they are required to pray to Allah and memorize Koran verses.	true
Instagram has banned posting of the phrase "I am a born-again follower of Jesus Christ."	true
KFC has banned sanitizing hand wipes because they contain alcohol, which may offend Muslim customers.	false
A kidney donor demanded her organ back after the recipient changed religions.	false
New versions of the Lincoln Cent will omit the motto "In God We Trust."	false
The ACLU objected to a U.S. Marine prayer session because it constituted "federal employees praying on federal property and on federal time."	false
Transcript documents an unaired interview between Chris Matthews and Cardinal Bergoglio.	false
The ACLU sought to have a cross removed from the Mojave National Preserve in California.	true
The U.S. has contributed millions of dollars towards the rebuilding of mosques in Muslim countries.	mostly true
Muslim nurses working in the UK may refuse to wash their hands to preserve their modesty under Islamic law.	false
A number of localities in the United States, France, and Britain are considered Muslim "no-go zones" (operating under Sharia Law) where local laws are not applicable.	false
Video shows Pastor Eric Dammann bragging about punching a child for "not taking the Lord serious."	true
Pope Benedict XVI resigned in order to avoid arrest.	false
Pope Francis holds an advanced degree in chemistry.	mostly false
A viewer received an insulting response after sending a complaint to ABC's web site about the television series The Practice.	true
A 2010 calendar distributed by Publix supermarkets identifies December 7 as "Islamic New Year."	true
The Boston Red Sox are postponing their 2009 home opener to avoid a conflict with Passover.	false
Photograph shows a school essay rejected because the student chose "Jesus Christ" as her hero.	false
Photograph depicts a woman in Saudi Arabia whose mouth and eye were sewn shut because she professed her Christian faith.	false
Sharia law has been established in a jurisdiction in Texas.	false
Actor Sylvester Stallone recently announced he "has surrenderedhis life to the Lord Jesus Christ."	false
The Steak n Shake restaurant chain has a company policy prohibiting customers from praying at its restaurants.	false
NBC edited an interview with the family of a deceased Navy SEAL to remove a reference to Christ.	false
An Ohio Walmart store has begun selling halal meat.	true
Mitt Romney's son Alexander said that "We serve our country by making money, to tell you the truth. Let the unemployed fight."	false
Mitt Romney said he "can relate to black people" because his ancestors once owned slaves.	false
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney transported a dog atop his car.	true
A ship named the HMS Romney was once used to help enforce import duties on the British North American colonies.	true
Ann Romney said men "deserve to be paid at a higher rate" than women.	false
Photograph shows Mitt Romney posing with children whose shirts spell out the word "MONEY."	false
Photograph shows Oprah Winfrey endorsing Mitt Romney for President.	false
Item presents information about the "real" Mitt Romney.	mostly true
Mitt Romney assisted in the search for his business partner's missing daughter.	true
Mitt Romney's campaign slogan, "Keep America American," is identical to a catchphrase once used by the Ku Klux Klan.	false
NFL quarterback Tim Tebow issued a Tweet about the 2012 election results.	false
Mitt Romney said he was "too important to go to Vietnam."	false
Mitt Romney's son Tagg owns a company that manufactures voting machines.	false
"Of course I'll win, I'm the white guy," said Mitt Romney.	false
Rick Santorum said that "you need to treat females as though they have a mental disorder."	false
Rick Santorum said that a ban on pornography was "one of only a few things I see eye to eye on with the Taliban."	false
Uncounted military absentee ballots delivered after the voting deadline would have won the 2012 presidential election for Mitt Romney.	false
The Obama administration is planning to launch an "America Scouts" youth program.	false
The Applebee's restaurant chain was driven to bankruptcy after offering free alcohol on Veterans Day.	false
The Obama administration is selling blueprints for the B-2 Stealth Bomber to China in exchange for debt relief.	false
Congresswoman Michele Bachmann announced she would leave Minnesotaif that state legalized gay marriage.	false
Chris Brown posted bail for Ariel Castro, the Clevelandman arrested for holding three women captive for ten years.	false
Joe Biden has endorsed Mitt Romney for President.	false
Blake Griffin smacked around Justin Bieber at a Hollywood Starbucks outlet.	false
Bill Nye "blasted" Rep. Todd Akin for accusing him of "personally provoking Hurricane Isaac."	false
The Kenyan government has released "11 exclusive documents" suggesting that Barack Obama was born in that country.	false
The Bitstrips app is a trojan horse that gives the NSA secret access to personal user information.	false
42 million people were killed over Thanksgiving weekend in violent incidents stemming from shoppers competing for "Black Friday" bargains.	false
Article reproduces Florida Congressman Allen West's comments about Black History Month.	false
New York mayor Michael Bloomberg was denied a second slice of pizza at an Italian eatery in Brooklyn.	false
A Corona, California, man sued Secretary of Homeland SecurityTom Ridge for emotional distress after duct-taping his "privates."	false
President Obama has suffered a "mental breakdown."	false
A commencement speech by the Commanding Officer of Fort Benning touched off riots that killed 11 people.	false
George W. Bush accidentally voted for Barack Obama in the 2012 presidential election.	false
A food writer lapsed into a butter-induced coma after consuming 413 Red Lobster biscuits.	false
Chick-fil-A president Dan Cathy announced that the chain would oppose blacks as a marketing ploy.	false
The NBA's Doug Christie nearly choked to death when his wife refused to allow a female doctor to assist him.	false
Monty Python trouper John Cleese penned a satirical article about the formation of an "Axis of Just as Evil."	false
Ann Coulter refused to stay aboard an airplane piloted by a black woman.	false
Steven Spielberg is planning to direct a film about the Crusades.	false
Monsanto cucumbers were banned in Nova Scotia after a study found they caused genital baldness.	false
A bill signed by President Obama mistakenly ceded all of South Dakota to the Sioux.	false
President Obama issued an executive order apologizing to Great Britain for the Declaration of Independence.	false
Paula Deen blamed "Jew executives" for her firing from the Food Network.	false
A 200-million-year old dinosaur egg recently hatched in a Berlin museum.	false
Senator Chris Dodd opined that a 5% down payment requirement "would restrict home ownership to only those who can afford it."	false
Patients on life support died when a San Francisco hospital shut off all its power in observance of Earth Hour.	false
Sarah Palin claimed in an interview that Jesus Christ celebrated Easter during his time on Earth.	false
A new executive order being circulated will severely limit firearms ownership by the elderly.	false
The Disciples of the New Dawn are a legitimate Facebook group.	false
The staff of snopes.com were arrested after a law enforcement raid.	false
The Apple iPhone 5s will share user fingerprint data with the FBI and the NSA.	false
The Fox News Channel will be shutting down for routine maintenance on 21 January 2013.	false
The FCC has classified Fox News as "satire" rather than a news source.	false
Pope Francis declared at the Third Vatican Council that "all religions are true."	false
Notorious homophobe and Westboro Baptist Church founder Fred Phelps made a deathbed confession that he was gay.	false
A global warming activist froze to death in Antarctica.	false
The U.S. government is opening gas stations to distribute free gasoline in poor neighborhoods.	false
A South Carolina couple put their 16-year-old daughter up for adoption after learning she is gay.	false
Pink Cross Publishing is about to publish a gay revision of the Bible.	false
Arizona is implementing a mandatory school program to help homosexual children become straight.	false
A gigantic squid has washed ashore along the California coastline.	false
The "Affordable Golf Club Act" requires all U.S. residents to purchase a new set of golf clubs before April 2014.	false
Study finds that persons of lower intelligence are more likely to support President George W. Bush.	false
American servicemen buried in France caused an earthquake by "rolling over in their graves."	false
President Obama has pardoned and released all the prisoners being held at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp.	false
Actor Clint Eastwood narrated an anti-Obama "Halftime in America" spot.	false
Michele Bachmann is calling for a ban on Halloween because "the holiday is based in Satanism."	false
The U.S. Army has promoted accused Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan and awarded him the Legion of Merit.	false
The state of Ohio has replaced lethal injection with a head-ripping machine as a form of execution.	false
The Hobby Lobby chain fired an employee for divorcing her husband without company approval.	false
Senator Ted Cruz went into a shouting tirade after a Hooters restaurant refused to accept his government expense account credit card.	false
Giant mutant killer hornets created by exposure to radiation from the Fukushima nuclear plant have killed several people in Nebraska.	false
Video clip shows a U.S. Representative putting the "Homeland Terrorism Preparedness Bill" up for vote in Congress.	false
The NCAA is investigating the use of "skill enhancing drugs" by the 2014 champion UConn Huskies men's basketball team.	false
An Indiana Congressman is introducing legislation to change the name of Interstate 69.	false
President Obama has ordered the removal of the words 'In God We Trust' from all U.S. currency.	false
In March 2005, investigators discovered the corpse of Michael Jackson buried at his Neverland Ranch, more than four years before he was reported dead.	false
NASCAR champion Jeff Gordon has announced his relationship with another male racecar driver.	false
NRA president Jim Porter said that "it's only a matter of time before we can own colored people again."	false
A California man is suing CBS, Janet Jackson, and Justin Timberlake over the breast-baring incident during halftime at Super Bowl XXXVIII.	false
Michael Jordan was robbed of his shoes at gunpoint during an in-store sneaker signing appearance.	false
President Obama advised a group of college students not to celebrate the 4th of July.	false
An open microphone caught President Obama muttering caustic comments about the 4th of July holiday.	false
Kanye West proclaimed: "I am the next Nelson Mandela."	false
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld delivered a stinging rebuke to Senator Ted Kennedy during a Senate committee meeting.	false
A 1986 diary entry by President Ronald Reagan described George W. Bush as a "shiftless ne'er-do-well."	false
A 93-year-old woman shot and killed one of a group of thugs who were attempting to make her a "knockout game" victim.	false
Singer Patti Labelle was arrested after attacking Aretha Franklin at an Atlanta concert.	false
Three animal rights activists went missing after protesting the use of leather at a motorcycle gang rally.	false
A school in Maryland required children to cross-dress for a "LGBTQ Appreciation Day" event.	false
George Zimmerman has won a Florida state lottery jackpot.	false
The U.S. government plans to make vaccinations mandatory for all adults.	false
Charles Manson has been granted parole and will be released from prison.	false
Phillip Morris has announced the introduction of Marlboro M brand marijuana cigarettes.	false
NASA announced that the Curiosity Rover found a message from God on Mars.	false
Texas has passed a law allowing incarcerated sex offenders to be used as subjects for medical experimentation.	false
Actor Mel Gibson's daughter has married a Jewish man.	false
New York Jets quarterback Michael Vick was attacked by a stray pitbull.	false
Wyoming schools are implanting microchips in students.	false
A study recently revealed that one out of every three Americans has been implanted with an RFID microchip.	false
A Chinese coal miner was recently found alive in an abandoned mine 17 years after he had been trapped inside it by an earthquake.	false
Actor Leonardo DiCaprio will portray Martin Luther King in an upcoming film.	false
The MPAA is lobbying Congress to enact a law making unauthorized home theaters illegal.	false
President Obama is using his personal funds to keep the International Museum of Muslim Cultures open during the government shutdown.	false
President Obama has announced a nationwide Muslim outreach program for children from grades K-12.	false
An ambush near Boston recently killed 72 National Guard troops.	false
The Obama administration has proposed a 2,300-page "New Constitution."	false
President Obama issued an executive order to replace the U.S. flag with one of a more "progressive and diverse" design.	false
The U.S. Congress is considering passage of the "Americans with No Abilities" Act.	false
The Nobel Committee has asked President Obama to return his Nobel Peace Prize.	false
The Obama administration is planning to have military members pledge a loyalty oath directly to the President rather than to the Constitution.	false
President Obama visited his Chicago home and found it had been foreclosed upon and a new family had moved in.	false
President Obama's 19-year-old son appeared at the Democratic National Convention.	false
An Oklahoma teacher was fired for praying when a tornado hit her school.	false
The job of President of the United States is being outsourced to India.	false
Dozens of people died of marijuana overdoses on the day recreational use became legal in Colorado or Oregon.	false
Sarah Palin said Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 may have disappeared "because it mistakenly flew too high and ended up in heaven."	false
Sarah Palin called for an invasion of the Czech Republic in response to the Boston Marathon bombings.	false
An air traveler was arrested for ejaculating during a TSA patdown.	false
Paula Deen has been hired to host a cooking show for Fox News.	false
President Obama issued an executive order granting himself a $100,000 pay raise.	false
A store in Colorado accepts food stamps towards the purchase of food items containing marijuana.	false
A man committed suicide after inadvertently learning a plot point from a not-yet-released Harry Potter book.	false
Congress has introduced a bill requiring military veterans to inform their neighbors about their combat service.	false
A 1945 Reuters article describes criticism of President Truman over a deteriorating security situation in occupied Germany.	false
The U.S. military is paying high school kids to sign up for future combat duty under a 'pre-enlistment' program.	false
The federal insurance exchange web site accidentally entered thousands of people into a sex offender registry.	false
A Hobby Lobby store manager executed a gay employee by stoning.	false
Monty Python member John Cleese penned a satirical piece announcing the revocation of America's independence.	false
Collection reproduces jokes about Democratic politicians by Don Rickles.	false
Rep. Paul Ryan refused to tip an elderly waiter at a Washington-area restaurant.	false
Samsung paid off a $1.05 billion judgment awarded to Apple in a patent infringement lawsuit entirely in nickels.	false
Bill O Reilly was arrested for assaulting a department store Santa.	false
A TSA screener in Denver was caught masturbating to images of airline travelers displayed on a body scanner.	false
The American Psychiatric Association has classified the taking of 'selfies' as a mental disorder.	false
Dearborn, Michigan, has become the first U.S. city to implement Sharia law.	false
The Rev. Al Sharpton chided Tiger Woods for a lack of racial diversity in the mistresses he chose.	false
Thailand donated 50,000 bottles of whitening skin cream to Haitian earthquake victims.	false
A Canadian youth soccer league has eliminated the use of a ball from all games and practices.	false
The technician responsible for the lighting failure during the opening ceremonies at Sochi was found dead.	false
Scientists have discovered that solar panels drain the sun's energy.	false
Pat Robertson said disobedient wives should be spanked by their husbands.	false
A 1944 Reuters article describes a U.S. administration split over the decision whether to invade Europe.	false
The United States is returning the Statue of Liberty to France.	false
A new form of STD has been discovered among residents of the city of Portland, Oregon.	false
The Pittsburgh Steelers will be forced to surrender half their Super Bowl titles to less fortunate teams.	false
A female mortuary worker was arrested after becoming pregnant by one of the corpses she was preparing for burial.	false
President Obama has signed a bill forgiving all student loans taken out within the last ten years.	false
The FBI is investigating the possible rigging of the 2014 Super Bowl.	false
A spoof of terrorist threat levels was written by English comic John Cleese.	false
Sarah Palin said that "Thanksgiving is for real Americans, not Indians."	false
Barack Obama has announced that he is running for a third term as President.	false
George Zimmerman sold his painting of Trayvon Martin for $30,000 at an online auction.	false
The town of DeQuincy, Louisiana, has made twerking illegal.	false
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld referred to France and Germany as the 'Axis of Weasels.'	false
A franchise owner has been granted permission to open a whites-only Arby's restaurant in Florida.	false
A 1944 article describes Republican calls for U.S. forces to be withdrawn from Europe.	false
A woman killed three shoppers at a Denver Walmart in order to snare that store's last 85-inch TV for herself.	false
George Zimmerman is suing Trayvon Martin's parents for their failure to control their son.	false
George Zimmerman accidentally shot and killed himself while loading a gun.	false
A 1922 newspaper article reported that "radical change in climatic conditions" was melting Arctic ice and disrupting wildlife.	true
Japanese engineers have created a robotic bear to aid in assisted suicides.	false
The chairman of the Barilla pasta brand said he would never use homosexual couples in his advertisements.	true
Some Bud Light print advertising carried in gay publications featured same-sex couples holding hands.	true
Jordan Chandler has admitted that he lied about having been sexually molested by Michael Jackson.	false
Chick-fil-A has donated money to organizations that oppose same-sex marriage.	true
Tweet reproduces actor Morgan Freeman's statement about homophobia.	false
A bill passed by the California legislature seeks to designate May 22 as Harvey Milk Day.	true
A bill before Congress would make it a "hate crime" for pastors and churches to speak against homosexuality.	false
Ben & Jerry's is renaming Chubby Hubby flavor ice cream to Hubby Hubby for the month of September 2009 in celebration of the legalization of same-sex marriage in Vermont.	true
A transgender teenage girl, Leelah Alcorn, committed suicide and left a note explaining why on her Tumblr.	true
A significant and growing number of college students support "post-birth abortions," extending to children as old as four or five.	false
Procter & Gamble supports the overturning of a Cincinnati charter amendment that prohibits the City Council from enacting any protections specifically aimed at gays and lesbians.	true
An ex-congressman who had sex with a subordinate won clemency from a president who had sex with a subordinate, then was hired by a clergyman who had sex with a subordinate.	true
A "day of silence" protesting the harassment of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender students is scheduled for 25 April 2008.	true
The Joint Chiefs of Staff sent a letter to the Washington Post regarding an editorial cartoon.	true
Ben Stein authored an editorial on the (non-)importance of Hollywood and the Oscars.	true
Transcript reproduces commentator Andy Rooney explaining his political views.	false
Radio talk show host Neal Boortz delivered a controversial commencement speech at Texas A&M.	false
E-mail reproduces letter from retired U.S. Border Patrol agent to Senator Bill Frist.	true
Canadian Richard Brunt penned an open letter about America's midterm elections.	true
E-mail reproduces an editorial from a Canadian newspaper about U.S. presidential candidates.	true
Comedian George Carlin authored a piece about his being a 'Bad American.'	false
E-mail offers comedian George Carlin's solution to gasoline shortages and illegal immigration.	false
Alabama State Auditor Beth Chapman delivered a "Stand Up for America" speech.	true
Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski publicly criticized President Obama just after Duke won a national basketball championship.	mostly false
E-mail reproduces comedian Bill Cosby's remarks about the Rev. Jeremiah Wright.	false
Charlie Daniels is the author of 'An Open Letter to the Hollywood Bunch.'	true
Axel Springer CEO Mathias Dopfner wrote an editorial for Die Welt blasting Europe for its timidity in confronting Islamic fanaticism.	true
A Navy airman wrote 'An Open Letter to the Dixie Chicks.'	true
Former New York mayor Ed Koch delivered a radio address on anti-semitism.	true
John Eisenhower, son of President Dwight D. Eisenhower, wrote a commentary explaining why he will be voting for John Kerry for president.	true
E-mail transcribes a press conference given by actor and former Marine R. Lee Ermey.	false
E-mail reproduces an "anti-terrorism" speech delivered by Brigitte Gabriel at Duke University.	true
E-mail reproduces country singer Charlie Daniels' editorial about Barack Obama.	true
Author Orson Scott Card wrote an "open letter" to American newspapers about the U.S. financial crisis.	true
Editorial by television personality Hugh Downs explains why he thinks Barack Obama will lose the election.	false
Editorial by pianist Huntley Brown explains why he won't vote for Barack Obama.	true
Actor Jamie Foxx referred to Barack Obama as "our lord and savior."	true
The Red Cross provided supplies to marchers in Jena, Louisiana.	true
An Army chaplain wrote an e-mail decrying the government's handling of the Walter Reed Medical Center scandal.	true
Rapper Kanye West said he is a "proud non-reader of books."	true
Letter of resignation submitted to Secretary of State Colin L. Powell by a U.S. diplomat.	true
Former Colorado governor Richard Lamm delivered a speech on the perils of multiculturalism.	true
List compiles Andy Rooney's observations on what he'd learned.	false
A wounded Vietnam veteran bought a full-page ad in the Army Times .	true
Musician Macklemore tweeted that he has joined ISIS.	false
Letter of resignation submitted to Secretary of State Colin L. Powell by U.S. diplomat Mary Wright is genuine.	true
Bette Midler pens letter chiding President Bush for his stance on gay marriage.	false
Dennis Miller explains how to tell the good guys from the bad guys in the world of politics.	false
Navy corpsman's e-mail dissuades his mother from attending anti-war demonstration.	true
Members of the Congressional Prayer Caucus sent President Obama a letter correcting his reference to E pluribus unum as the U.S. national motto.	true
E-mail reproduces George Carlin's list of New Rules for 2006.	false
Oliver North penned an open letter to Senator John Kerry.	true
Asked about a deer's final thoughts, Ted Nugent dissed the French.	true
E-mail reproduces a speech by Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert about what Israel is fighting for in Lebanon.	false
A widely-circulated essay known as "The Paradox of Our Time" was penned by George Carlin.	false
Constitutional scholar Linda R. Monk wrote "The Party's Over," a critique of American fiscal irresponsibility.	false
Radio commentator Paul Harvey composed a review of the upcoming film about the last hours of Jesus, The Passion .	false
Paul Allen of Microsoft wrote a letter to a Santa Clarita newspaper in defense of Mormons.	false
Retired U.S. Marine Corps General Chuck Pitman wrote a 'letter of apology' in response to the prisoner abuse controversy in Abu Ghraib, Iraq.	false
A classic Yogiism uttered by baseball baseball Hall of Famer Yogi Berra explains the difference between practice and theory.	false
Former Czech president V clav Klaus called the American people a 'confederacy of fools' for electing Barack Obama.	false
Transcript reproduces a high school principal's speech to students and faculty at the beginning of a new school year.	false
A February 2013 speech by Russian president Vladimir Putin demanded that Muslim immigrants speak Russian and conform to Russian culture.	false
Senator Rand Paul said abortion is worse than the Holocaust because abortion victims are innocent.	false
Monty Python member John Cleese penned a satirical piece announcing the revocation of America's independence.	false
Journalist Geraldo Rivera commented (regarding the war in Iraq) that "reporters don't report buildings that don't burn."	true
Commentator Andy Rooney delivered a "the French have not earned the right to protest against the U.S." piece on TV's 60 Minutes .	true
List compiles Andy Rooney's wry observations on a variety of topics.	false
Transcript reproduces commentator Andy Rooney explaining his political views.	false
Commentator Andy Rooney said God asked him to "tell your viewers that both Pat Robertson and Mel Gibson strike me as wackos."	true
Steven Spielberg authors letter taking Mel Gibson to task for his anti-Semitic statements.	false
Dr. Charles Stanley wrote an exhortation to Christians to pray for a John McCain victory in the presidential election.	false
Churchgoer describes encounter with President Bush at St. John's Church.	true
Monty Python member Terry Jones is the author of 'I'm Losing Patience with My Neighbours. Mr. Bush.'	true
Pat Tillman's brother Kevin wrote an essay about U.S. policy in Iraq.	true
E-mail features response to Michael Moore's open letter from Bill Timmins, president of the Aladdin casino.	false
Letter from U.S. Army lieutenant serving in Iraq criticizes the New York Times for publishing information about a secret government program.	true
Claire Braz-Valentine wrote and read "An Open Letter to John Ashcroft" at Cabrillo College.	true
Author Kurt Vonnegut penned a opinion piece entitled 'Cold Turkey.'	true
Naval captain's speech urges Americans to "wake up" and act decisively in battling terrorism.	true
A private citizen paid over $100,000 to run a full-page ad in the Washington Post defining himself and his Republican values.	true
Editorial by Dr. Jack Wheeler describes Barack Obama as an "eloquently tailored empty suit."	true
E-mail reproduces Jason Whitlock's editorial about the Don Imus controversy.	true
Comedian Robin Williams authored a plan for how the U.S. should handle foreign affairs.	false
Congress will not allow Social Security recipients to get a COLA increase while Obamacare raises the cost of Medicare premiums.	false
Signing a petition will help overturn a recent Senate decision to give Social Security benefits to illegal aliens.	false
Video clip shows Tacoma housing development "built for illegal immigrants" who are receiving "refugee pay."	false
The U.S. Postal Service is discontinuing the Black Heritage series of postage stamps and destroying the remaining stock.	false
Changes to immigration policy announced in November 2014 make illegal immigrants eligible to collect amnesty bonuses of up to $24,000.	mostly false
Item criticizes various aspects of the Social Security security system.	mostly false
An Illinois woman with eight children earns $144,000 per year for her family by giving up her kids to foster care.	false
Chart shows eleven "death spiral" states where more people are on welfare than are employed.	false
The Obama administration is proposing a 1% tax on debit card usage and/or banking transactions.	false
Account describes a customer purchasing a single grape to obtain cash back from an EBT card.	false
Starting in 2011, all employees will have to pay taxes on the value of health insurance provided by their employers.	false
Image shows an AT&T telephone bill with a "Lawful Interception Recovery Fee" to cover government wiretaps.	false
The IRS has moved its offices from Washington, D.C., to Costa Rica.	false
A review of IRS procedures found thousands of tax returns linked to the same addresses.	true
PayPal has e-mailed notices stating that they will be providing user account information to the Internal Revenue Service.	true
Members of Congress can receive lavish pensions after only one term in office and are not required to contribute to the Social Security fund.	false
By default, all U.S. federal income tax refunds paid in 2010 will be issued in the form of U.S. savings bonds.	false
The IRS will be distributing 2008 economic stimulus payments according to the last two digits of taxpayers' Social Security numbers.	true
E-mail lists new traffic laws going into effect in 2007 California (or Texas, or Georgia, or Florida, or Washington).	false
E-mail lists new California traffic laws taking effect in 2008.	true
California is planning to ban black cars in order to curb global warming.	mostly false
Florida motorists can block the DMV from disclosing their motor vehicle and driver license records.	true
The state of Illinois uses photo radar in freeway work zones.	true
The state of New York is requiring residents to take their lawn mowers for annual safety inspections.	false
Massachusetts is no longer mailing notifications for driver's license renewals.	true
Michigan motorists can be fined for not signing the backs of their car registrations.	false
Motorists in most U.S. states can be fined for failing to slow down or change lanes when passing parked emergency vehicles.	true
New law going into effect in November 2007 will make it illegal for motorists in Pennsylvania to use cell phones while driving.	false
Pennsylvania passed a law banning New Jersey drivers from its highways.	false
Police in some U.S. state are about to launch a 30-day speeding ticket frenzy.	false
A new Massachusetts traffic law requires that headlights be turned on when windshield wipers are in use.	mostly true
A U.S. Army soldier received a rude response after inquiring with an on-line retailer about shipments to APO addresses.	true
Senator Robert Byrd delivered a fiery floor speech condemning President Bush's calls for military action against Iraq.	true
The daughter of U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney went to Iraq to become a human shield.	false
President Obama and Hillary Clinton were criminally charged by Egyptian courts with aiding and abetting terrorists.	false
A resolution introduced to the House of Representatives seeks to repeal the authorization for use of military force against Iraq.	true
Photograph shows an ISIS terrorist crushing babies whose parents have refused to convert from Christianity to Islam.	false
Thomas Jefferson sent the U.S. Navy to subdue Barbary pirates in the Mediterranean.	true
North Korean official Jang Sung-taek was executed by being thrown into a cage with 120 starved dogs.	false
Under the LARK program, Taliban detainees are being housed with liberals who disagree with the government's treatment of prisoners kept at Guantanamo Bay.	false
Saddam Hussein owned part of a number of popular magazines.	true
French's mustard released a press statement to let U.S. consumers know "the only thing we have in common with the French is that we are both yellow."	false
Civilians give up their seats on commercial flight to soldiers on leave from Iraq.	true
Quranic verse 9:11 speaks of the "wrath of the Eagle cleansing the lands of Allah."	false
An ABC News report omitted interviews conducted with several dozen U.S. soldiers in Iraq who expressed support for Senator John McCain.	false
Letter from Army engineer details rebuilding efforts in Iraq.	true
Cindy Sheehan's son, Casey, was raised by her ex-husband after the couple divorced and both remarried.	false
Rumor: A nuclear bomb was detonated in Ukraine in February 2015.	false
U.S. troops in Afghanistan have been ordered to carry weapons with no bullets.	false
Retired federal judge delivers lecture about his experience setting up a new legal system in Iraq.	true
The removal of yellowcake uranium from Iraq in 2008 proved that Saddam Hussein had been trying to restart Iraq's nuclear program.	false
Pope Francis announced during a sermon that God had instructed him to change the ten commandments.	false
Pope Francis has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President.	false
Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis met Pope Francis.	true
Pope Francis said that the Nae Nae was a satanic dance.	false
Pope Francis uploaded a selfie to the Vatican's Instagram account.	false
Pope Francis was filmed performing a tablecloth trick during his visit to the United States in 2015.	false
Pope Francis said mandatory sterilization of unwed mothers would prevent climate change.	false
A $1.5 billion powerball lottery drawing scheduled for 13 January 2016 has been cancelled.	false
The three winners of the $1.6 Powerball lottery have identified themselves on social media.	false
One of the winners who shared the $1.5 billion Powerball jackpot succumbed within days to a cocaine overdose.	false
A woman became pregnant from viewing a 3D porn film.	false
Every baby born in-flight is given free air travel by the airline for the rest of his life.	false
A wealthy Toronto lawyer bequeathed his estate to whichever woman gave birth to the most babies in the ten-year period following his death.	true
Nine months after the Great Blackout of 1965, the birth rate in New York City increased dramatically.	false
A woman became pregnant from being struck by a bullet that had passed through the scrotum of a Civil War soldier.	false
Expectant mother produces growing cascade of guffaws by reseating herself under a series of ads on a bus.	false
Gals can't become pregnant the first time they have sex.	false
The color change displayed by a mixture of Drano and urine from a pregnant woman will predict the sex of the unborn child.	false
A childless couple discovered the cause of their infertility was a lack of sex.	false
A woman sued a pharmacy from which she bought contraceptive jelly because she became pregnant even after eating the jelly (with toast).	false
A man who has had an embryo implanted in his abdomen is engaged in the world's first human male pregnancy.	false
Woman gives birth to octopus (or lizard, frog, fish, or snake).	false
Overdue pregnant women induce labor by eating at specific restaurants.	false
In the days when the "rabbit test" was used to determine if a woman was pregnant, the rabbit's death was an indicator of a positive result.	false
A pregnant woman was detained by security at a sporting goods store on suspicion that she was trying to shoplift a basketball.	true
While swimming in a community pool, a girl is impregnated by sperm ejaculated into the water by male swimmers.	false
An identical twin given to the wrong parents was coincidentally reunited with his brother later in life.	true
The youngest mother on record was a five-year-old Peruvian girl.	true
In recent years more preschoolers have been fatally shot than police officers.	true
A photograph shows President Obama posing next to a mile 69 marker in Alaska.	false
Richard Gere will make a sequel to "Pretty Woman" if his Facebook photo gets more than 1 million likes.	false
A local farm stand advertises produce with unintentionally misspelled names.	false
Russian President Vladimir Putin said "To forgive the terrorists is up to God, to send them to him is up to me."	false
Rep. Dick Armey offered a humorous quip about President Clinton's troubles during the Monica Lewinsky scandal.	true
Actor Paul Newman authored an essay on the art of marriage for his wedding to Joanne Woodward.	false
Jed Babbin said that "going to war without France is like going deer hunting without an accordion."	true
Thomas Jefferson said that "banks and corporations will deprive the people of all property."	false
Washington, D.C. mayor Marion Barry said lots of really dumb things.	mostly false
Actress Audrey Hepburn authored a pithy list of beauty tips.	false
A classic Yogiism uttered by baseball baseball Hall of Famer Yogi Berra explains the difference between practice and theory.	false
President George W. Bush proclaimed, "The problem with the French is that they don't have a word for entrepreneur."	false
Julius Caesar bade us beware of leaders who bang the drums of war.	false
In a 1996 interview, Mariah Carey said the following: "When I watch TV and see those poor starving kids all over the world, I can't help but cry. I mean, I'd love to be skinny like that, but not with all those flies and death and stuff."	false
When singer Mariah Carey's was asked to comment on the passing of King Hussein of Jordan, she confused him with basketball star Michael Jordan.	false
Quotation reproduces Roman statesman Cicero's remarks about balancing the budget, reducing public debt, and curtailing foreign assistance.	false
Nelson Mandela said that "Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure."	false
Albert Einstein described love as a "universal force" in a letter to his daughter, Lieserl.	false
While delivering the commencement speech at Yale University in 2000, Oracle CEO Larry Ellison said: "Graduates of Yale University, I apologize if you have endured this type of prologue before, but I want you to do something for me. Please, take a good look around you. Look at the classmate on your left. Look at the classmate on your right. Now, consider this: five years from now, 10 years from now, even 30 years from now, odds are the person on your left is going to be a loser. The person on your right, meanwhile, will also be a loser. And you, in the middle? What can you expect? Loser. Loserhood. Loser Cum Laude."	false
George Washington said that Jews were a dangerous scourge who should be "hunted down as pests."	false
When the English prime minister asked scientist Michael Faraday what the usefulness of his electromagnetic device was, Faraday replied, "Someday you can tax it."	false
Thomas Edison said that "The doctor of the future will give no medicine but will interest his patients in the care of the human frame, in diet and in the cause and prevention of disease."	true
Vietnamese general Vo Nguyen Giap's memoirs pinned U.S. military failure in Vietnam on anti-war reporting in the American media.	false
Nazi Luftwaffe commander Hermann Goering proclaimed that although "the people don't want war," they "can always be brought to the bidding of their leaders."	true
Vice-President Al Gore claimed during a news interview that he "invented" the Internet.	false
Thomas Jefferson said that "banks and corporations will deprive the people of all property."	false
Thomas Jefferson touted using a gun as a good form of physical and mental exercise.	true
Thomas Jefferson warned about the dangers of governmental interference in medical care.	false
John Wayne once said that the taking of land from Native Americans was justifiable because "there were great numbers of people who needed new land, and the Indians were selfishly trying to keep it for themselves."	true
John Wayne said, "Life is hard; it's even harder when you're stupid."	false
In 1977, Ken Olsen, the founder and CEO of Digital Equipment Corporation, said, "There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home."	true
During an MTV interview, singer Lauryn Hill said: "I would rather die than have a white person buy one of my albums."	false
Abraham Lincoln issued a prophetic warning about the tyranny of capitalism.	false
Abraham Lincoln authored a list of maxims beginning with 'You cannot bring about prosperity by discouraging thrift.'"	false
During a 1955 speech at West Point, General Douglas MacArthur told assembled cadets: "The next war will be an interplanetary war. The nations of the earth must someday make a common front against attack by people from other planets."	false
Feminist Catharine MacKinnon said "All sex is rape."	false
James T. Kirk said that "A meeting is an event where minutes are taken and hours wasted."	false
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., said he "will not rejoice in the death of one,not even an enemy."	false
Neil Armstrong cryptically uttered "Good luck, Mr. Gorsky" as he first stepped onto the moon.	false
Singer Willie Nelson said of his September 2006 drug offense, "It's a good thing I had a bag of marijuana instead of a bag of spinach. I'd be dead by now."	false
Actress Meryl Streep originated a statement about no longer having patience for things that displease her.	false
Apollo 11 astronaut Neil Armstrong flubbed his historic 'one small step' remark as he became the first man to set foot on the surface of the moon.	true
Vice-President Dan Quayle once said, "I was recently on a tour of Latin America, and the only regret I have was that I didn't study Latin harder in school so I could converse with those people."	false
Janet Reno provided her definition of a "cultist" during a 60 Minutes interview in 1994.	false
In 1854 Chief Seattle gave a stirring speech about the sanctity of the land and the need for careful stewardship of it.	false
Sherlock Holmes said, "Elementary, my dear Watson."	false
In one of his films, actor Tony Curtis delivered the line, "Yondah lies da castle of my foddah."	false
In a 1987 interview, special prosecutor Kenneth Starr decried "perverts who provide the media with pornographic material."	false
Willie Sutton gave his reason for robbing banks as: "That's where the money is."	false
Oscar Wilde said "it's very healthy to spend time alone."	false
Ohio State football coach Jim Tressel delivered a stirring "Pre-Championship Game Speech" to his players just before the 2003 Fiesta Bowl.	false
Collection of anecdotes about honesty includes real quotes from President Harry S. Truman.	mostly true
Mark Twain once asserted "The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco."	false
In 1997, Kurt Vonnegut gave an unusual commencement address at MIT.	false
George Washington said that Jews were a dangerous scourge who should be "hunted down as pests."	false
Transcript reproduces 2007 commencement address delivered by Yogi Berra at Saint Louis University.	false
The portrayal of a black character in a Dennis the Menace cartoon prompted outbursts of violence and apologies from newspapers that published it.	true
Abercrombie & Fitch is offering "nigger brown" pants for sale.	false
AriZona changed its "Southern Style Sweet Tea" label after consumers complained that it depicted offensive images.	true
Designer Liz Claiborne appeared on a popular television talk show and announced that she doesn't design clothes for black women because "their hips are too big."	false
Costco pulled a racially offensive "Cuddle With Me" doll from its store shelves.	true
In some CVS stores, of all the hair care items vended there, only those marketed to African-Americans were tagged with anti-theft devices.	true
Oprah Winfrey threw designer Tommy Hilfiger off her show when he announced, "If I knew that blacks and Asians were going to wear my clothes, I would have never designed them."	false
Certain symbols displayed on the packaging of a variety of grocery items signify that their manufacturers have paid a secret tax to the Jews.	false
Ralph Lauren clothiers is offering "nigger brown" shirts for sale.	false
A sofa set sold in Canada bore a label with a racial pejorative.	true
The wife of the owner of a Thailand Starbucks told customers that the particularly trendy coffee spot is not for Asians.	false
Tropical Fantasy contains a special ingredient that will render black men sterile.	false
Complaints led to clothing retailer Abercrombie & Fitch's pulling a line of T-shirts based on Asian caricatures from their stores.	true
The Missouri state government issued "nigger hunting" Licenses in 1995.	false
Disaster survivor gives mistaken answer to an interviewer's question about the loss of churches in her area.	false
According to magazine polls, the three things blacks fear most are dogs, ghosts, and registered mail.	false
A fire in a three-apartment dwelling killed black and Mexican families living there but spared a white couple because they were the only ones at work when the blaze started.	false
David Letterman offered a "Top Ten" list about why there are no black NASCAR drivers.	false
A Congresswoman called for hurricanes to be given African-American names.	true
A game show contestant could not correctly determine which is larger: an elephant or the moon.	false
The lyrics to the 1966 Batman TV series theme song were produced by brass instruments, not human voices.	false
During the Gulf War, an Iraqi government propaganda broadcaster nicknamed "Baghdad Betty" warned American soldiers that "Bart Simpson is making love to your wife."	false
A children's radio show host, thinking that his microphone had been turned off, wrapped up his broadcast one evening by inadvertently blurting out over the air, "There, that oughta hold the little bastards!"	false
Radio host Dr. Laura Schlessinger stated during a broadcast that pit bulls in an animal shelter were "taking up space" and that they should all be "put down."	true
The producers of the Lone Ranger employed a ruse to cover up the death of the actor who voiced the role.	true
A celebrity guesting on a radio program once announced with bewildered amazement that the following week's featured star would be Sonny Tufts.	false
Radio announcer Harry von Zell once referred to President Herbert Hoover on a live broadcast as 'Hoobert Heever.'	true
An episode of Alfred Hitchcock Presents was suppressed for being "too horrifying."	true
Ed McMahon, Farrah Fawcett, and Michael Jackson all appeared on the Tonight Show on the same day.	false
Sesame Street is adding to its cast a muppet who is HIV-positive.	true
The Bachelor's Alex Michel admitted in e-mail that the network pressured him into picking the underdog rather than the woman he wanted.	false
Because his jailbird son complained about a lack of prison toiletries, Bob Barker of The Price is Right founded a company that supplies them.	false
Children's TV host Barney the purple dinosaur was caught with cocaine hidden in his tail and cussed out a child.	false
During the Beatles' first appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show , crime rates plummeted all over the U.S.	false
A curse doomed the cast of Bewitched to early deaths.	false
Steve Burns of TV's Blue's Clues died of a heroin overdose.	false
Television sets don't have a Channel 1 because that frequency had already been reserved for military use.	false
An unsuccessful contestant on The Contender committed suicide after being bumped from the show.	true
Randomly selected letters on the British TV game show Countdown spelled out the phrase 'WANKMEOFF'.	false
Soap opera actress Eileen Davidson used to be a man.	false
An actor whose character had been killed during a live television production suddenly got up and walked off-stage.	true
News of Ernie's death will be reported on an upcoming episode of Sesame Street.	false
The 'Dell Dude' commercials ended because pitchman Benjamin Curtis was arrested for marijuana possession.	false
Tonight Show host Johnny Carson once delivered a humorous monologue about 'What Democracy Means to Me.'	true
Dragnet 's Sgt. Joe Friday character frequently implored female informants to provide "Just the facts, ma'am."	false
The child actor who sang "They're gonna taste great" in a Kellogg's Frosties commercial committed suicide, was murdered by bullies, or died of cancer.	false
Passengers on an airliner diverted to Cuba thought the hijacking was a Candid Camera stunt due to the coincidental presence of the show's host, Allen Funt.	true
Sesame Street muppets Bert and Ernie are live-in lovers, and they're about to get married.	false
A Congressional page who encountered Love Boat actor-turned-politician Fred Grandy on an elevator and asked "Lido Deck or Promenade Deck?" was fired by Grandy for his insolence.	false
Groucho Marx made a risqu wisecrack about his cigar to a female You Bet Your Life contestant with 19 children.	false
Albert Einstein once made a guest appearance on television's Gunsmoke .	false
John Wayne was initially offered the role of Marshal Matt Dillon for the television version of Gunsmoke .	false
Footage of a fatal skydiving accident was included in a Mountain Dew commercial.	false
Jaleel White (Steve Urkel of television's Family Matters ) committed suicide.	false
Joanie Loves Chachi was the highest rated American program in the history of Korean television because "chachi" is Korean for "penis."	false
Joan Rivers once gave out actress Victoria Principal's home phone number on her talk show.	true
During an episode of Julia Child's television program, she dropped a turkey on the floor and then picked it up and put it back on the counter.	false
Kanye West has been dropped as a Pepsi spokesman because of his criticism of President Bush over handling of Hurricane Katrina disaster efforts.	false
Kel Mitchell (of Nickelodeon's Kenan & Kel ) died in July 2006.	false
Wife of famous golfer blurts out on TV that she kisses her husband's balls for luck.	false
A broadcast by Houston's KLEE-TV was received by viewers in England three years after the station had gone off the air.	false
Actor Don Knotts once served as a drill instructor for the U.S. Marine Corps.	false
After a 1977 episode of Happy Days aired, the American Library Association reported a nationwide 500% increase in library card applications from children.	false
The actor who portrayed the "Marlboro Man" in print and television cigarette advertisements died of lung cancer.	true
The early TV sitcom Mary Kay and Johnny was the first television series to portray a married couple who slept in the same bed.	true
The cast of M*A*S*H did not learn of Col. Blake's death until they were actually filming the scene in which it was announced.	false
Leave It to Beaver star Jerry Mathers was killed in action in Vietnam.	false
Outtake from the Mister Ed TV series captures the talking equine making a racist comment.	false
Charles Manson was one of the 437 applicants who tried out for The Monkees in 1965.	false
Children's television show host Fred Rogers hid a violent and criminal past.	false
A 'Newlywed Game' contestant said the 'weirdest place she'd ever made whoopee was 'up the butt.'	true
Wife of famous golfer blurts out on TV that she kisses her husband's balls for luck.	false
Wild Kingdom host Marlin Perkins was bitten by a venomous snake on live TV.	false
TV's The Bachelor's Aaron Buerge got three contestants from the show pregnant.	false
The characters on the cartoon series Captain Pugwash had names that were sexual double entendres.	false
A QVC demonstrator fell from a ladder on live television.	true
Bill Cosby bought up the rights to The Little Rascals (or Our Gang ) comedies in order to keep them off television because they depict racial stereotypes.	false
Leah Remini appeared on Ellen DeGeneres' show and learned during a phone prank that her husband was having an affair.	false
Mr. Rogers said his mother responded to scary news by telling him, "Look for the helpers."	true
The five characters in Scooby-Doo represent five Eastern colleges.	false
TBS speeds up episodes of Seinfeld so that they can show more commercials.	true
Bishop Fulton Sheen foretold the death of Stalin on his TV show.	true
Soupy Sales routinely sneaked smutty jokes into his television program.	false
Soupy Sales was once suspended for asking his young television viewers to send him "little green pieces of paper" taken from their parents' wallets.	true
Episodes of some syndicated TV series are sped up to fit more commercials into their time slots.	true
Jared Fogel, the star of commercials for the Subway chain of sandwich stores, has died.	false
The actor who portrayed Superman on television in the 1950s believed he had acquired the character's super powers and accidentally killed himself by trying to fly.	false
Taco Bell ended its famous ad campaign because the dog died.	false
Jerry Lewis kept a significant portion of the funds raised during the annual MDA Labor Day Telethon.	false
Tom Green's MTV show was canceled after he taped a sketch in which he appeared at a bar mitzvah dressed as Adolf Hitler.	false
The theme music for the original Star Trek TV series includes lyrics.	true
I Love Lucy co-star Vivian Vance was contractually obligated to remain at least 20 pounds overweight.	false
Sesame Street's Cookie Monster is being replaced by Veggie Monster.	false
A contestant on the game show Press Your Luck racked up an amazing series of wins by memorizing the patterns of the prize board's sequence of lights.	true
At the farewell party thrown after the filming of the final episode Green Acres , the cast and crew barbequed and ate the porcine actor who played Arnold Ziffel.	false
Johnny Carson made a risqu remark to a starlet who appeared on the Tonight Show with a cat on her lap.	false
Sex offenders are now required to put transparent rainbows over their Facebook profile pictures.	false
A billboard in Finland states that it is legal for refugees to rape women.	false
A rapist used a clown costume to hide in a child's room.	false
A photograph shows Red Cross nurses arriving on the beaches of Normandy in 1944.	false
The red fox will scream when it finds its perfect mate.	false
A photograph show a rare red owl with blue eyes.	false
Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan was a "vetted refugee."	false
A photograph depicts the arrival of 10,000 Syrian refugees in New Orleans in November 2015.	false
Muslim refugees outside Macedonia refused assistance from the Red Cross because the aid packages were marked with the Christian cross symbol?	false
Persons attempt to avoid financial transactions totaling $6.66.	true
Lightning struck a church after the preacher identified thunder as the voice of God during a sermon.	true
St. Chad is the patron saint of disputed elections.	false
A group known as 'The Second Coming Project' is seeking to clone Jesus from the DNA of holy relics.	false
While a college student, Albert Einstein humiliated an atheist professor by using the "Evil is the absence of God" argument on him.	false
A new church was moved by a hurricane onto a plot of land that church members had originally attempted to purchase for it.	mostly true
Evangelist Billy Graham placed full-page advertisements in U.S. newspapers regarding the 2012 election.	false
Billy Graham and John Wayne had a hand in the creation of the song "It Is No Secret."	true
By proclamation of Governor George W. Bush, 10 June 2000 was 'Jesus Day' in Texas.	true
NASA scientists discovered a "missing" day in time that corresponds to Biblical accounts of the sun's standing still in the sky.	false
Noah's Ark has been discovered in eastern Turkey.	false
Responding to pressure from religious groups, Alabama's state legislature redefined the value of pi from 3.14159 to 3 in order to bring it in line with Biblical precepts.	false
Airlines will not pair Christian pilots and co-pilots out of fear that the Rapture will snatch away both crew members capable of landing the flight.	false
Teen dies in car crash with a plastic Jesus dashboard ornament embedded in her chest.	false
A woman dies leaping through her car's sunroof when events convince her that Jesus has returned.	false
The red dot on a Hindu woman's forehead is nothing more than an indicator of her marital status.	false
Archaeologists have discovered Pharaoh's chariot and the bones of horses and men under the Red Sea.	false
Orthodox jews engage in marital relations through a hole in a sheet.	false
A physician once placed dying patients upon a scale in order to measure the weight of the human soul.	true
Forbidden by the city's Muslims to celebrate Christmas in Meulaboh, Christians instead gathered on a high hill nearby and so were spared from the tsunami that wiped out the city.	false
Scientists drilling in Siberia went too far and ended up punching a hole through to Hell, where the screams of the damned drifted up to them.	false
Pope Francis said that the Bible and the Quran are essentially the same.	false
R.E.M. is suing Donald Trump over unauthorized campaign use of their song "It's the End of the World."	false
After going undercover as homeless man in New York City, actor Richard Gere gave $100 to every homeless person he saw.	false
Catherine the Great died attempting to engage in sexual intercourse with a horse.	false
A woman sought medical help to remove a deer tongue she had used for self-pleasuring purposes.	true
Friends gathered to view the video record of a newly-married couple's special day were instead treated to a literal episode of I Love Lassie.	true
The drug clomipramine has been known to cause orgasms in yawning patients.	true
Couple is caught taking risqu pictures in an amusement park photo booth.	true
Police officer catches man pleasuring himself with a pumpkin.	false
Upon having her snapshots developed, a traveler discovers her camera has been used to take risqu photos.	true
Writer Harlan Ellison was rebuffed after making a crude remark to a tall blonde woman at a party.	false
The tiny stars that appeared in or near the letter 'P' on the cover of Playboy magazine were a code indicating how many times Hugh Hefner had bedded that month's centerfold.	false
Mickey Mantle sent a crude response when Yankees publicity officials asked him to describe his "outstanding event" at Yankee Stadium.	true
A celebrity was taken to a hospital emergency room to have a gerbil removed from his rectum.	false
The fashion of sagging one's pants was born of a prison mode of signaling sexual availability.	false
A celebrity was taken to a hospital emergency room to have a gerbil removed from his rectum.	false
Prostitutes can safely challenge johns with the question "Are you a cop?" because law enforcement officers must answer truthfully.	false
A boy electrocuted himself with a cow's heart he'd been using as a sexual aid.	false
Vending machines in Japan offer for sale panties purportedly worn by schoolgirls.	true
Young women are inserting vodka-soaked tampons a furtive way of getting drunk.	false
A college student engages in cybersex with a man she encounters in a chat room. When the two finally agree to get together and consummate their relationship, they discover to their horror that they are father and daughter.	false
French playboy discovers the woman he's been romancing on the Internet for months is his mother.	false
Gangster John Dillinger's exceptionally large penis is housed in one of the Smithsonian museums in Washington, D.C.	false
A man seeking sexual pleasure catches his penis in a swimming pool suction fitting.	true
Scientists have discovered a vast reef of floating condoms in the Pacific Ocean.	false
A machine-shop worker tore his scrotum in a piece of machinery and then stapled it back together.	true
The size of a man's nose, hands, or feet is a reliable indicator of the size of his penis.	false
Porn star Marilyn Chambers was once pictured on the Ivory Snow box.	true
The Vatican houses the world's largest collection of pornography.	false
A couple rents a video camera and VCR and records themselves engaging in sex, then accidentally leaves the tape in the player when they return it to the video store.	true
A couple rents a video camera and VCR and records themselves engaging in sex, then accidentally leaves the tape in the player when they return it to the video store.	true
Employee of South Korean firm gets fired after his e-mail brag to his friends about his sexual exploits is made public.	true
Man brags in e-mail about being on the phone with his fianc e while another woman was performing fellatio on him.	true
NASA shuttle astronauts conducted sex experiments in space.	false
An indiscreet netizen reveals in what she thought was private e-mail between her and her lover that his sperm is "yum."	true
Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry survived a plane crash in 1947.	true
Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) Ronda Rousey failed a drug test and was stripped of her title.	false
Ronda Rousey fought five muggers off in Los Angeles.	false
The "Rumblr" mobile app enables people to find locals with whom they may arrange street fights.	false
The "2 Millions Bikers to DC" group has been denied a "no-stop" permit for a Washington ride-through on 11 September 2013.	true
Terrorists are planning to launch attacks from 7-Eleven stores on July 11 2002.	false
Muhammad Ali offered a pithy quote about religion while visiting the World Trade Center site.	false
A writer named Tamim Ansary penned an essay from the perspective of an Afghan-American.	true
In the autumn of 2001, fear of exposure to anthrax delivered by mail ran high.	true
The body of Osama bin Laden has washed ashore in India.	false
A group of Muslim women clutching briefcases and text messaging during films were spotted making a terrorist attack "dry run" in a Raleigh, North Carolina theater.	false
Mohammed Atta, a convicted terrorist released by Israel at the insistence of the U.S., participated in the 9/11 terrorist attacks.	false
Hospitals experienced a sharp increase in births nine months after September 11 .	false
Bert, the Sesame Street muppet, appeared on posters carried by supporters of Osama bin Laden.	true
An unburned Bible was found amidst the charred wreckage of the Pentagon after the September 11 terrorist attack.	false
Associated Press briefly carried a photo showing a sailor on the USS Enterprise signing a bomb with the words "HIGH JACK THIS FAGS."	true
California governor Gray Davis announced that a credible threat existed about planned terrorist activity against major bridges in California.	true
A Budweiser employee who saw Arabs celebrating the 9/11 attacks at a convenience store pulled all the Budweiser product from that store.	false
Anti-terrorism presentation describes suspicious activities in the Fresno, California, area.	false
Actor Steve Buscemi was once a firefighter and assisted the FDNY after the 9/11 attacks.	true
President George W. Bush said, "I'm not gonna fire a $2 million missile at a $10 empty tent and hit a camel in the butt."	true
A Canadian policeman was suspended after traveling to New York to help search for survivors of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center.	true
The U.S. is requesting Americans to light candles for a satellite photo tonight.	false
Terrorists purchased large amounts of candy from Costco stores in New Jersey just before Halloween 2001.	false
Osama bin Laden was captured long ago, but the U.S. government is keeping this news under wraps until just before the 2004 Presidential election.	false
A memo from Osama bin Laden to his cavemates decries the theft of a box of Cheez-Its.	false
Not all of the money donated to various charities to benefit victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks is being distributed to those victims.	true
Singer Charlie Daniels pulled out of a scheduled benefit concert appearance because the organizers barred him from performing a certain song.	true
Charlie Daniels penned "The Straight Scoop," an essay about the al-Qaeda and Taliban prisoners being held at Guantanamo Bay.	true
Osama bin Laden owns Citibank.	false
The Clinton administration failed to track down the perpetrators of several terrorist attacks against Americans.	false
Person who performs a kindness for a stranger is rewarded by the stranger's telling her to avoid drinking Coca-Cola or Pepsi after a certain day.	false
Eerie coincidences pertaining to September 11 involve elevens, a Quran verse and Microsoft's Wingdings font.	false
American propaganda broadcasts are telling the Taliban that they are 'condemned' and instructing them in how to surrender.	true
Starbucks recalled 'Collapse into Cool' promotional posters due to complaints that they contained imagery reminiscent of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.	true
A crop duster sprayed boats on the Mississippi with a harmful substance on 19 October 2001, and another plane sprayed a Coast Guard post in Natchez on October 22.	false
Clean-up workers at the World Trade Center found two metal beams in the shape of a cross.	true
A dog named Daisy rescued hundreds of people from the damaged World Trade Center towers on 9/11.	false
His Holiness the Dalai Lama composed a letter in response to the September 11 terrorist attacks in which he urged the people of the world to become "spiritual activists."	false
The President of the United States of America has asked the nations of the world to mark December 11 2001 with expressions of remembrance of the September 11 attacks.	true
Several domain names related to the September 11 terrorist attack on America were registered before the attack.	false
Three people died of suffocation after sealing their home with plastic sheeting and duct tape.	true
Employees at Dunkin' Donuts outlets desecrated American flags and celebrated the 9/11 terrorist attack on America.	false
University peaceniks are chased from a restaurant by patrons singing God Bless America.	false
Significance can be found in numbers relating to the September 11 terrorist attacks on the U.S.	false
Television evangelists Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson said that liberal civil liberties groups, feminists, pagans, homosexuals, and abortion rights supporters bear partial responsibility for the terrorist attacks on the USA because their actions have turned God's anger against America.	true
A survivor of the September 11 terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center died in a ferry crash.	true
E-mail petition started by the son of a New York firefighter seeks to establish a National Firefighters Day.	true
A U.S. company banned its employees from displaying American flags.	true
Secret flights whisked bin Laden family members and Saudi nationals out of the U.S. immediately after September 11 while a general ban on air travel was still in effect, and before the FBI had any opportunity to question any of the passengers.	false
Airlines are offering free air travel on 11 September 2002.	false
An expletive-filled letter from "Saucy Jack" detailing conditions in Afghanistan was penned by a Marine serving there.	false
The Newfoundland town of Gander played host to thousands of airline passengers stranded there when American airspace was closed after the September 11 terrorist attacks.	true
Garlic and oil of oregano are proven to be effective treatments for anthrax.	false
Astronaut John Glenn authored a piece expressing outrage at how the U.S. military has been hampered and ignored in recent years.	false
Forty Marines rescued children from a Pentagon daycare facility on 9/11, then enclosed them in a protective corral of cribs.	false
You can aid the search for Osama Bin Laden by donating money to a band of hackers.	false
Former USAF General Dick Hawley delivered a caustic speech about "thoughts of such surpassing stupidity that they must be addressed."	false
Ironing your mail will kill off any lurking anthrax spores.	false
Four thousand Israelis employed by companies housed in the World Trade Center stayed home from work on 9/11, warned in advance of the impending attack on the WTC.	false
Boston Globe columnist Jeff Jacoby wrote an opinion piece condemning American Taliban John Walker Lindh's parents for their over-permissiveness.	true
Terrorists are planning to strike the U.S. on 11 June 2004.	false
British spy novelist John le Carr authored an "America gone mad" essay accusing "President Bush of being driven to war by the thirst for oil and power."	true
Monies given to the September 11 Fund are being used to defend suspected terrorists.	false
On 11 September 2002, the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks on New York's World Trade Center towers, the numbers selected in one of the New York state lottery drawings were 9-1-1.	true
The 9/11 terrorist attacks on the U.S. in 2001 and the train bombings in Madrid, Spain, in 2004 were separated by a total of 911 days.	true
Girl receives letter from her disappeared Afghani boyfriend saying terrorists are going to strike at U.S. malls on Halloween.	false
Time magazine considering designating Osama bin Laden as its "Man of the Year" for 2001.	true
A pregnant woman named her child after the rescuer who died while saving her and others at the World Trade Center on 9/11.	false
World Trade Center attack survivor Adam Mayblum gave a first-person account of his harrowing escape from one of the doomed towers.	true
Eleven passenger planes are missing from an airport in Libya.	mostly false
A mural in Iraq depicts an airplane slamming into buildings resembling the World Trade Center towers.	true
In 1941, newsman Edward R. Murrow penned a piece about the need for restraint in the U.S. response to the attack on Pearl Harbor.	false
Military personnel should avoid the use of the NACEC.org web site.	false
Women: Take off your clothes and scare terrorists!	false
Devastating terrorist attacks are planned for the USA, especially in and around New York, during the weekend beginning 14 February 2003.	false
ABC banned on-air personnel from wearing American flag pins after 9/11.	false
During the 1987 Iran-Contra hearings, Oliver North warned Congress that Osama bin Laden was "the most evil person alive" and that "an assassin team [should] be formed to eliminate him and his men from the face of the earth."	false
Nostradamus predicted the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center.	false
Minutes of emergency response agencies' meeting reveal that on 26 November 2004 four Long Island shopping malls will be hit in a terrorist attack using chemical weapons.	false
A high-ranking member of al-Qaeda revealed that the terrorist organization has already placed nuclear weapons in seven large American cities.	false
Officials announced a credible threat was received that New York's subway may be the target of a terrorist attack Oct. 7-10, 2005.	true
Los Angeles has been targeted for terrorist activity on 26 October 2001.	false
Photographs show the corpse of Osama bin Laden.	false
Outback Steakhouse brought steak dinners to American troops serving in Afghanistan.	true
The damage to the Pentagon on September 11 was caused by something other than a hijacked Boeing 757 's being crashed into its side.	false
Seven women have died from sniffing perfume or detergent samples sent to them in the mail.	false
Terrorists are funding their operations through a telephone scam that lures the unsuspecting into staying on the line by promising information about a nuclear attack on the USA.	false
Ice sculpture depicts an angel leaning on the shoulder of an exhausted New York City firefighter.	true
Photograph shows a Houston store closed on September 11 to honor one of the 9/11 hijackers.	false
Image from a 1979 Pakistan airline advertisement shows the shadow of a jetliner on the World Trade Center.	true
Photograph shows sunrise through the World Trade Center towers.	true
Photograph captures an unlucky tourist posing on the observation deck of a World Trade Center tower on 9/11, seconds before a hijacked airliner smashed into the building.	false
Artwork shows image of the World Trade Center to be used on a new USPS postage stamp.	false
A United Airlines pilot delivered a pre-flight speech in which he instructed passengers how to overpower any hijackers that might be aboard.	true
Al-Qaeda terrorists have poisoned one in five cans of Coca-Cola with anthrax and arsenic.	false
President George W. Bush has sponsored the creation of a Presidential Prayer Team.	false
In the days just prior to the 11 September 2001, large quantities of stock in United and American Airlines were traded by persons with foreknowledge of the upcoming 9/11 attacks.	false
Clear Channel Communications banned their American radio stations from playing specified songs in order to avoid offending listeners.	false
Sylvester Stallone will tackle the Taliban and Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan in an upcoming Rambo film.	false
"The Real Deal," words of wisdom about gas, germs, and nukes, was written by Army veteran Red Thomas.	true
A Congressional resolution has established a National Day of Reconciliation.	true
First responders and clergy are not invited to the 2011 September 11 memorial ceremony at ground zero.	true
The Reuters news agency has proscribed the use of the word 'terrorists' to describe those who pulled off the September 11 terrorist attacks on America.	true
A NYC firefighter's dare to Osama bin Laden brought about the crash of American Airlines Flight 587.	false
Thirty Ryder, Verizon, and U-Haul trucks have been stolen recently, presumably by terrorists who will use them in the ongoing attack on America.	false
British journalist Tony Parsons penned an article chiding Brits for their attitude towards the September 11 attack on America.	true
Vietnam veteran Brian Shul delivered a patriotic speech in Chico, California, in 2001.	true
Six men of Middle Eastern appearance were stopped by police in the Midwest but released, even though they possessed Israeli passports and photographs and descriptions of a nuclear power plant in Florida and the Trans-Alaska pipeline.	false
The winner of the FOX reality TV show "Murder in Small Town X," a New York city firefighter, was killed during rescue efforts at the World Trade Center after the September 11 terrorist attack.	true
Osama bin Laden owns Snapple.	false
Charlie Daniels penned "The Straight Scoop," an essay about the al-Qaeda and Taliban prisoners being held at Guantanamo Bay.	true
Essay by retired Air Force general analyzes the war on terrorism.	false
Juval Aviv correctly predicted upcoming terrorist attacks against the U.K. and the U.S.	false
Senator John McCain delivered a speech about a Vietnam POW who was beaten for sewing an American flag into his shirt.	true
E-mail reproduces interview with documentary filmmaker Pierre Rehov about the psychology of terrorism.	true
The pastor of New York's Times Square Church directed his church to prepare 2,000 sandwiches on 10 September 2001, in anticipation of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.	false
An "Open letter to terrorists from an American grandfather" was written by Dr. Charles F. Stanley , the Atlanta pastor who appears on the "In Touch" radio and television broadcasts.	false
A New York City Starbucks outlet charged 9/11 rescue workers $130 for three cases of water.	true
Bodies still strapped into their airplane seats are discovered in an apartment near the World Trade Center.	false
False reports of loved ones lost in the attack on the World Trade Center have been filed by those looking for attention and sympathy.	true
Prior to the terrorist attack on the morning of September 11, no cabs could be found around the World Trade Center.	false
A Flight 175 passenger who insisted upon retrieving his forgotten tefillin delayed the doomed flight.	false
The planned cover for a hip-hop album due to be released in November 2001 depicted an exploding World Trade Center.	true
Dr. Tony Kern, a former USAF Lieutenant Colonel, authored a letter about what America can expect in a war against terrorists.	true
Photographs show a New Jersey monument to the victims of 9/11 which was donated by Russia.	true
London police are warning against using the Underground, citing the threat of an imminent terrorist attack.	false
Sending a petition to the United Nations will help prevent a war between the U.S. and Iraq.	false
Terrorists have acquired a large number of "missing" UPS uniforms.	false
Osama bin Laden has been sighted in Utah.	false
Coded images in oil paintings reveal plans for an upcoming "massive germ attack on the U.S."	false
A woman who performs a kindness for a stranger is rewarded by his telling her to avoid a certain place on a certain day.	false
Microsoft's Webings and Wingdings fonts include hidden anti-Semitic and 9/11-referential messages.	false
U.S. naval officer's letter describes a 'manning the rails' ceremony performed by a German destroyer.	true
Actor James Woods observed and reported four suspicious men possibly making a hijacking trial run on an airline flight before the 9/11 attacks.	true
A woman who had survived the destruction of the World Trade Center died on American Airlines Flight 587 just two months later.	true
A photograph shows Russian soldiers wearing "exosuits" in Syria.	false
A photograph depicts a new method discovered by Russian scientists to turn black skin white instantly.	false
Duck Dynasty star Sadie Robertson was horribly injured in a car accident in September 2015.	mostly false
A Facebook message requesting Christmas cards for 8-year-old burn victim Safyre Terry is legit.	true
The same crying woman appears in photos taken at the scenes of massacres in Sandy Hook, Aurora, Boston, and Oregon.	false
Samsung has planted a secret microchip on their phone batteries to steal data from cell phone users.	false
Actor Samuel L. Jackson said he hoped that the San Bernardino shooter was just some "crazy white dude."	mostly true
A credible law enforcement source warned Bernardino residents "it's not over" after a 2 December 2015 shooting, adding future attacks are expected.	false
The San Bernardino shooting occurred because Syed Rizwan Farook believed pork served at a holiday party was an insult to Islam.	false
A photograph taken shortly after a California "UFO sighting" depicts a dead alien creature.	false
Senator Bernie Sanders wrote on Twitter that he wanted to destroy capitalism and "dethrone God."	false
A photograph shows Bernie Sanders at a 1965 civil rights march with Martin Luther King, Jr.	false
A photograph shows Corporal Sandy Levit, recently killed while attempting to rescue a wounded Ranger in Afghanistan.	false
Sarah Palin said that Native Americans should go back to their homeland of Nativia.	false
A Saudi billionaire purchased Buford, Wyoming and is planning on constructing a western Mecca.	false
A dark circle around the moon presages acid rain.	false
A star named Aderoid will make a remarkably close approach to Earth in June 2011.	false
NASA has announced that a multi-day worldwide blackout will occur beginning on 30 June 2015.	false
The planet Mars will make a once-in-our-lifetimes, remarkably close approach to Earth on 27 August 2015.	false
A planet-dissolving dust cloud will wipe out our solar system in December 2014.	false
A prominent meteor shower will be visible in late April 2013.	true
A meteor shower will be visible in North America in mid-August 2014.	true
Scientists once proved that bumblebees can't fly.	false
Caltech sent its people home on 12 April 2010, warning that an earthquake would strike within two days.	false
Eggs and popcorn kernels can be cooked by placing them between activated cell phones.	false
The Coriolis force influences which direction water spirals down drains and toilets in different hemispheres.	false
Outdoor temperature can be determined by counting the chirps made by crickets.	true
Dihydrogen monoxide is a dangerous chemical that should be banned.	false
Locked in a war with Westinghouse over which of them would control the future of electric power, Edison worked to discredit his rival's alternating current with claims that it was unsafe so unsafe that it could be used to kill people.	true
Eelskin wallets demagnetize credit cards due to leftover charges from the electric eels used to make them.	false
A special property of the equinox allows eggs (or brooms) to be balanced on their ends that day.	false
The Great Wall of China is the only man-made object visible from the moon.	false
You should leave a window open slightly during a hurricane to equalize pressure.	false
A lightbulb manufactured in 1901 has been burning continuously ever since.	true
Amazing on-line psychic trick can read minds and identify which symbol a user selected from a list of many choices.	false
Water boiled in a microwave oven can suddenly "explode."	true
Experiment proves water that has been boiled in a microwave oven is harmful to plants.	false
Even when your cell phone signal is blocked, dialing 112 will connect you with an emergency call center.	false
A person's fingernails and hair continue to grow after his death.	false
No Nobel Prize is awarded for mathematics because a mathematician was carrying on an affair with Alfred Nobel's wife.	false
A special compound added to the water in swimming pools will reveal the presence of urine and catch those who peel in the pool.	false
The contents of a few cans of frozen shaving cream will, when thawed, expand to fill an automobile.	false
Psychologist B. F. Skinner raised his own daughter in a "Skinner box"; as a result, she grew up psychologically damaged, sued her father, and committed suicide.	false
Tapping the side of a soda can will prevent its contents from foaming over when you open it.	false
We use only ten percent of our brains.	false
A study undertaken by the World Health Organization concluded that natural blondes are likely to be extinct within 200 years.	false
The number of people alive today is greater than the number of people who have ever died.	false
The average woman swallows six pounds of lipstick during her lifetime.	false
Sneezing seven times in a row is the same as an orgasm.	false
The average person swallows eight spiders per year.	false
A woman over age 40 has a better chance of being killed by a terrorist than of getting married.	false
On average, men think about sex every seven seconds.	false
The government understates the unemployment rate because they report how many people are collecting unemployment insurance rather than how many people are out of work.	false
Scientists are predicting that the sun will explode in less than six years.	false
Rubber tires protect a car's inhabitants during lightning strikes.	false
A penny placed on the tracks will derail a train.	false
An eclipse is going to cause an earthquake, which will in turn cause a devastating tsunami, on 22 July 2009.	false
Stars can be viewed during the day from the bottom of a well.	false
Scott Walker said that Labor Day should be replaced with Patriots Day.	false
Actor Sean Penn was killed in January 2016.	false
The mayor of Seattle has "launched" a new "rule" forcing businesses to comply with Sharia law.	mostly false
There is a secret card hidden in the "Bigger, Blacker Box" edition of the Cards Against Humanity card game.	true
By participating in a Facebook "secret sister" gift exchange, you'll receive 36 gifts (or books) in exchange for one $10 contribution.	false
A man killed 27 people after he underwent a heart transplant using an organ obtained from a serial killer.	false
Several people were injured in a "zombie-like attack" at a Tennessee Walmart store.	false
The state of Illinois relaxed driver's license photo requirements after Muslim extremists demanded they comply with Sharia law.	mostly false
A video shows a shark swimming down a flooded street after heavy rains in West Ocean City, Maryland.	false
Shawn Fuller, a man suspected of murdering his two toddler sons, was an "open carry enthusiast."	true
A video shows how to tie shoelaces without the use of hands.	false
Showtime announced in November 2015 that the hit show Dexter would be returning for another season.	false
A photograph shows two Siberian tigers stalking a firefighter in the Washington Cascades.	false
Simon Malls (including the properties Roosevelt Field and SouthPark Mall) banned Christmas trees because they're "offensive."	mostly false
A video shows that The Simpsons predicted in 2000 that Donald Trump would run for president in 2015?	false
A slaughterhouse employee murdered 71 of his coworkers over a span of 17 years.	false
The small Michigan town of Menominee will be accepting 4,500 Syrian refugees.	false
Saturday Night Live (SNL) aired a "Conspiracy Theory Rock!" segment once in 1998, after which it was banned by the network.	mostly false
Changes coming to Social Security on 1 May 2016 "threaten the financial security" of millions of Americans.	mostly false
The user of solar panels drains the sun of energy.	false
South Carolina is going to ban the sale Tylenol because picking cotton out of the bottle is reminiscent of slavery.	false
The online review site Yelp has filed a $10 million lawsuit against the Comedy Central show South Park.	false
A lawsuit brought by an injured fan revealed that an umpire blew an important call in a 1908 baseball game.	false
Future Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro was once given a tryout by the Washington Senators baseball team.	false
Cleveland Indians second baseman Joe Gordon deliberately struck out to prevent rookie Larry Doby from looking bad during his first at-bat.	false
The Los Angeles Dodgers of the Koufax/Drysdale era often won 1-0 games in which Maury Wills scored the winning run.	false
Yankee second baseman Tony Lazzeri once pulled an on-field practical joke using a doctored baseball.	true
The New York Yankees adopted pinstriped uniforms in an effort to disguise Babe Ruth's girth.	false
Bill Ripken's 1989 Fleer baseball card includes a hidden obscenity.	true
Teen Japanese pitching phenom Kazuo Uzuki is poised to become a star in Major League baseball.	false
Lou Gehrig's consecutive game streak begin when Yankee first baseman Wally Pipp sat out a game with a headache.	false
Comedians Bud Abbott and Lou Costello are members of the National Baseball Hall of Fame.	false
A rise in automobile accidents occurs in the aftermath of the Super Bowl.	true
Actress Catherine Bell correctly predicted the results of the 2002 Super Bowl prior to the start of the 2001 NFL season.	false
As the Super Bowl draws near, legions of prostitutes flock to the city where the big game is being held.	mostly false
Sewage systems of major cities have broken due to the tremendous number of toilets being flushed simultaneously at halftime of the Super Bowl.	false
The 2007 film I Am Legend accurately predicted the results of the 2008 Super Bowl.	false
A Madden NFL 2015 simulation correctly predicted the winner and final score of the 2015 Super Bowl.	true
Every season, whenever the last remaining undefeated NFL team lost its first game, all the surviving members of the 1972 Miami Dolphins opened bottles of champagne in celebration.	false
A controversial officiating call led to the death of Minnesota Vikings quarterback Fran Tarkenton's father.	false
Before Super Bowl XXII in 1988, a reporter asked Washington Redskins quarterback Doug Williams, "How long have you been a black quarterback?"	false
Golf courses have eighteen holes because a bottle of Scotch contains eighteen shots.	false
Pro golfer Phil Mickelson lost $200,000 wagering with his golfing partners, then tried to get out of paying up.	false
A golfer angered by a bad shot was killed by the club he threw in frustration.	true
Members of the Chicago Blackhawks attended a wake for the father of the team's general manager.	mostly true
NHL tough guy Eric Lindros lost a bar fight to figure skater Elvis Stojko.	false
Hockey's Stanley Cup was once left in a snowbank.	true
A declared-dead jockey returned to the track and shocked the grandstand crowd.	true
The race horse Seabiscuit was the biggest newsmaker in America in 1938.	false
A soccer team advanced in a cup match by deliberately scoring a goal against their own side.	true
A recently leaked tape captured actress and Fox News contributor Stacey Dash admitting Fox News hired her to attract "old, (horny) white dudes."	false
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz admitted that he is using the store's new "holiday cups" to lure customers to Satanism.	false
Starbucks is giving away free lifetime passes to Facebook users who like and share a post.	false
The coffee chain Starbucks removed all mentions of Christmas from their red holiday cups because "they hate Jesus."	false
Apple co-founder Steve Jobs left behind a deathbed essay about how the "non-stop pursuit of wealth will only turn a person into a twisted being, just like me."	false
'Making a Murderer' subject Steven Avery was found unresponsive in his prison cell.	false
A Philippine baby born with stigmata drew thousands of devout Christians to the site of her birth.	false
A photograph shows a group of American students being forced to pray to Allah at a mosque as part of their Common Core curriculum.	false
Kansas City, Missouri, is home to an unusual subterranean complex known as SubTropolis.	true
Subway restaurants have announced that they are now adding peas to their guacamole.	false
A man killed himself because a main character in the Star Wars VII film is black.	false
A Superman poster shows the comic book hero talking to children about respecting diversity.	true
The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that no license is necessary to drive a car on public roads.	false
A photograph shows a young Syrian child "surrendering" to a camera after mistaking it for a gun.	true
An image depicts a number of Syrian children killed in retaliatory airstrikes conducted by France and the U.S. after the Paris attacks.	false
A photograph shows a group of "Syrian orphans" holding guns.	false
Syrian refugees arrived in Winston-Salem, North Carolina in November 2015.	mostly false
Syrian refugees in Europe are complaining about a lack of TVs, food quality, and "slow internet."	mostly false
A female shopper at a Tampa-area Target store was targeted by child sex trafficking operatives.	false
A Facebook coupon offering 50% off at Target stores is real.	false
A lawyer for Tashfeen Malik asked the media not to show photographs of her face because doing so was offensive to Muslims, and MSNBC host Melissa Harris-Perry criticized the New York Times for publishing such pictures.	false
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigations contacted local police departments about a terrorist attack planned for Black Friday.	false
A photograph depicts a teal-colored species of owl.	false
Senator Ted Cruz said that businesses should exercise their right to turn away gay customers.	false
Ted Cruz said that he literally talks to God.	false
GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz ran a "Netflix and Chill" contest on his campaign web site.	false
A high school in Tempe, Arizona banned patriotic apparel and Trump shirts from a football game.	false
A Texas woman named Angie Houston claimed she was raped by a pig and became pregnant as a result.	false
The FBI discovered a mysterious photograph behind a dumpster in 1982 which showed a man in a bunny mask dragging a woman into a building.	false
Facebook users can get a free Tiffany diamond ring by sharing and commenting on a video.	false
Toby Keith recorded a song and is planning a benefit concert for Syrian refugees.	false
A lesbian judge is openly refusing to marry straight people, a position comparable to the one for which Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis was jailed.	mostly false
A photograph depicts a tramp steamer carrying Muslim refugees from Libya to Italy.	false
A transgender tampon, developed to "bring each trans-woman closer to the full female experience," will soon hit store shelves.	false
A photograph shows a butterfly with translucent wings.	false
Between 1988 and 2006, a man lived at a Paris airport.	true
Concrete arrows guided early airmail pilots across the U.S.	true
The purpose of the 'crash' or 'brace' position in airliners is to kill passengers quickly in the event of an crash, or to preserve their remains so as to make identification of bodies easier.	false
A commercial airline pilot who accidentally locked himself out of the cockpit had to hack down the door with a fire axe to regain entry	false
Airline passenger's in-flight comments describe disadvantages of being seated directly across from the plane's lavatory.	true
List of howlers collected by a Washington travel agent proves members of Congress are hopelessly lost about even ordinary geography.	false
A Florida company offers "euthanasia cruises" on which terminally ill and suicidal passengers end their lives by jumping overboard.	false
Map shows how to "drive across the USA hitting all the major landmarks."	false
Map shows an optimal route for driving across the USA and hitting major landmarks in every state.	true
Travelers mistake hotel room safes for microwave ovens.	true
Some people have eschewed retirement homes in favor of living on cruise ships.	true
A photograph shows shooting victim Trayvon Martin at Space Camp in 2009.	mostly true
The Triton Scuba Mask is a real product that allows people to breathe underwater without the use of air tanks.	false
Jews are more often the victims of hate crimes than Muslims in the United States.	true
Donald Trump said that if black people don't like it in America, they should go back to Africa.	false
Donald Trump's jet private carried a critically ill 3-year-old Jewish boy from California to New York for medical treatment.	true
Donald Trump violated Palm Beach ordinances by putting up an outsized U.S. flag and pole, then donating the money he was fined to veterans' organizations.	mostly true
Donald Trump said the "dirtiest" and "thieve-ist" Mexicans come from Puerto Rico.	false
Donald Trump paid Sarah Palin $10 million for her endorsement.	false
Donald Trump's recently-deceased cousin implored the public in his obituary not to vote for the GOP presidential contender.	false
A Twilight sequel titled Moonlight Glow is coming to theaters in November 2015.	false
Comedian Tyler Perry has bought American Airlines and renamed it African-American Airlines.	false
A series of photographs show a UFO photographed over Memphis by several different people.	false
A UFO portal was filmed over the Large Hadron Collider.	false
A photograph shows a child in a wastebasket next to a sign that reads "Dispose of your ugly children here."	false
The United States is deporting military veterans.	true
The United States has the third-highest rate of homicides worldwide, but drops dramatically in the rankings if four major cities are excluded from the stats.	mostly false
The Navy ship USS Ronald Reagan is being renamed USS Obama.	false
A photograph shows a vintage ad published in a 1950s Sears Catalog featuring a smiling family holding guns.	mostly true
A tweet sent by journalist Chris Hurst about the death of his girlfriend Alison Parker was published before the shooting occurred.	false
A single eruption from a volcano puts more than 10,000 times the amount of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than all of mankind has produced.	false
Two homeless people were found living in the attic of a Walmart in Tennessee.	false
Walmart has recalled more than seven tons of parasite-ridden bananas.	false
Walmart has discontinued the sale of all merchandise that is Bible-related or labeled as "made in America" to avoid offending people.	false
Wawa announced all stores would be closed by January 2016.	false
Cute cake custom causes contretemps.	true
Bride is jailed after pelting her husband with wedding cake.	true
Bride's attempt to hang up her wedding dress results in hotel evacuation.	true
A scorned woman dumped a bucket of manure onto the bride who ended up with her boyfriend.	true
Titanium rings can be removed from swollen fingers only through amputation.	false
David and Victoria Beckham paid off another couple's mortgage to get them to give up their claim to a reception hall or hotel suite the famous couple coveted for their own wedding.	false
90% of people in the U.S. marry their high school sweethearts.	false
Former Wendy's employee Lakeisha Hunter was arrested for contaminating a hamburger with her bodily fluids.	false
A video shows Koko the gorilla spontaneously using sign language to issue a warning about climate change.	false
A photograph taken at a Whole Foods store depicts a product labeled "Asparagus water" that retails for $5.99.	true
Muslim students removed wooden pews from Wichita State University's chapel because they lacked a place in which to kneel and pray.	false
An iPhone user racked up a $17,000 cellphone bill after installing iOS 9.	false
Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith have purchased the BET channel.	false
The mass-murdering Michael Myers character in the Halloween series of films sports what was originally a Captain Kirk mask.	true
A photograph shows South Carolina's Williams-Brice Stadium flooded in October 2015.	false
A photograph shows a wolf pack being led by the oldest and weakest members.	false
A woman was arrested at a grocery store for masturbating with a sausage.	false
A woman was arrested at Walmart for "trying on tampons and sanitary pads in the feminine care aisle."	false
A photograph depicts a disabled grocery store bagger who was verbally abused by an angry customer.	false
A woman stabbed her boyfriend with a sharpened selfie stick because he didn't like her newest Instagram selfie quickly enough.	false
Yolanda Saldivar was found dead in prison.	false
Jack Daniel's is giving away a limited number of free cases of whiskey to Facebook users who like and share a post.	false
An image shows a young Frances Bavier, the actress who played Aunt Bee Taylor on The Andy Griffith Show, posing for a pin-up style photo.	false
Hundreds of casualties at the 13 November 2015 France vs. Germany football match were prevented through the intervention of a Muslim security guard named Zouheir.	mostly false
